
                               1 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            February 28, 2014 Friday
                                  Home Edition

CALIFORNIA;
Bus owner may face murder filing;
CHP report urges the charge in the fatal fall of passenger from party bus last
year.

BYLINE: Ruben Vives

SECTION: LATEXTRA; Metro Desk; Part AA; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 632 words


The California Highway Patrol has recommended a murder charge be filed against
the owner of a "party bus" after a 24-year-old man fell out of it and died on
the 101 Freeway last year in Studio City.

The CHP submitted its traffic collision report for review last week in the
incident in which Christopher "C.J." Saraceno II lost his balance and fell down
the steps of the 2001 Ford F-550.

The L.A. County district attorney's office is considering filing criminal
charges against Ayrapet Kasabyan, president of Hyros Corp., which operates
Platinum Style Limousine Service.

The investigation found the vehicle had several mechanical violations and had
been barred from service "for the safety of passengers."

"Mr. Kasabyan continued to use this vehicle for profit (51 times), exhibiting a
malignant heart until the untimely death of the victim," the report said.

Authorities found that when Saraceno's body struck the door, it unexpectedly
opened, causing him to fall to his death on the southbound 101 Freeway just
north of Universal Studios Boulevard.

More than two dozen passengers were on board for a birthday party and some told
officers the bus had jerked before Saraceno fell. At least two people attempted
to save him.

Brothers Brandon, 26, and Justin Janssen, 23, both of Milford, Mich., described
grabbing his hands and shirt but having to let go for fear they, too, would be
pulled under the moving bus.

CHP officers said Saraceno was struck by other vehicles after he fell from the
bus.

CHP commercial investigators inspected the bus after the fatal accident and
determined the passenger door was not functioning properly and that Saraceno
died after being run over by the bus' rear tires.

Darren Kavinoky, attorney for Kasabyan, could not be reached for comment. In an
interview with investigators, Kasabyan said no driver had reported the door as
not working properly.

He told investigators that perhaps someone inside the bus had pulled the
"emergency release" to open the door and pushed Saraceno out, then closed it
before alerting the driver.

That angered Saraceno's friends.

"The idea that he can make that statement without any evidence is infuriating
because he's trying to cover his own butt," said William Wawro, Saraceno's
friend and former roommate. "It shows you the character of the head of the
company."

Michael Kelley, head of CHP's motor carrier safety unit, said the company was
rated unsatisfactory in its last safety inspection, finished late last month.

Bus operators in California are required to undergo an annual inspection by a
CHP commercial enforcement officer. The inspections are a condition of licensing
by the California Public Utilities Commission, which regulates all passenger
carriers in the state.

The Sept. 29 death was the second fatality in the state that authorities say was
the result of poor vehicle maintenance by the owner of a party bus company. Last
May, authorities arrested bus operator Jon Reno St. James in connection with the
death of Natasha Noland, 25. The Santa Cruz resident died when she and another
woman fell from a party bus in Los Gatos in 2012.

A grand jury alleged St. James was negligent in the maintenance of the company's
buses. He was charged with involuntary manslaughter and vehicular manslaughter.

Saraceno's parents have filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Kasabyan and the
bus driver. They are seeking unspecified damages and burial costs.

Saraceno earned a bachelor's degree from Tufts University near Boston. He moved
from his home in Watertown, Conn., to Los Angeles to pursue a career in film and
media.

"He always made me proud, so proud. I would tell him all the time," said his
mother, Rita Saraceno. "He packed up his little Honda Civic and drove across the
country to make a go of what he had done."

--

ruben.vives@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            February 23, 2014 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

MOTOR RACING: DAYTONA 500;
Smith just gets past Keselowski;
In another photo finish, he earns the second-closest victory in Nationwide
history at Daytona.

BYLINE: Matt Murschel

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Desk; Part C; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 336 words

DATELINE:  DAYTONA BEACH, FLA.


It was another photo finish at Daytona International Speedway.

Regan Smith slipped past Brad Keselowski on the high side after a
green-white-checker finish to win the NASCAR Nationwide Series DRIVE4COPD 300
Saturday. Smith's No. 7 Chevrolet crossed the finish line .013 of a second ahead
of Keselowski's No. 22 Ford, securing the second-closest victory in series
history at Daytona.

It was another close finish this weekend at the legendary track. Kyle Busch
captured the Camping World Truck Series race Friday night by the slimmest of
margins -- 0.16 seconds ahead of Timothy Peters.

It was Smith's first Nationwide win at Daytona and his fourth victory in the
series.

"It still doesn't feel real," Smith said. "It's a very special moment."

"Once we got even, I felt like we had an opportunity to get to the stripe, and I
made one last dive to the wall," Smith added. "It was either going to be enough
or it wasn't. Fortunately it was enough."

For 2012 Sprint Cup champion Keselowski, it was his second runner-up showing in
a Nationwide race at Daytona. The 30-year-old led the final 11 laps of the race
and appeared headed for his first victory before Smith pushed past him for the
win. Trevor Bayne finished third.

"It's a pretty strong day," Keselowski said. "I thought we had a shot to really
pull it off.

"We've come as close as you can to win all three races in the [Sprint Cup]
Limited and the [Budweiser] Duels," added Keselowski, who will start in Row 17
for Sunday's Daytona 500.

Bayne was pleased with his third-place finish. "Our car isn't upside down and
that's a good day for us," he joked after the race. "We were hoping to come out
of here with a top 10. We had a really strong day today and we're pleased with a
top-three finish."

With the win, Smith grabs the early points lead in the Nationwide Series with
47. He's six points ahead of Bayne and eight points ahead of Elliott Sadler, who
finished fifth. Keselowski and fourth-place finisher Kyle Busch are ineligible
because of their Sprint Cup associations.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Game story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            February 23, 2014 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

BOOK REVIEW;
The art of Hollywood propaganda;
Five directors used their artistic expertise to help rally Americans during WWII

BYLINE: M.G. Lord, Lord is the author of "The Accidental Feminist: How Elizabeth
Taylor Raised Our Consciousness and We Were Too Distracted by Her Beauty to
Notice."

SECTION: SUNDAY CALENDAR; Calendar Desk; Part E; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1015 words


Five Came Back

A Story of Hollywood and the Second World War

Mark Harris

Penguin Press: 528 pp., $29.95

--

Propaganda today has a nasty connotation; it suggests something cheesy,
manipulative, in the service of a dishonorable cause.

During World War II, however, cinematic propaganda became an elevated art,
practiced with unusual expertise by five great American movie directors: John
Ford, William Wyler, John Huston, Frank Capra and George Stevens.

Hitler threw down the gauntlet with Leni Riefenstahl's "Triumph of the Will"
(1935), propaganda so captivating that it impelled even gentle Germans to thump
their chests. When Riefenstahl's film appeared, Hollywood was torn between
isolationists and interventionists By 1941, however, when the Japanese bombed
Pearl Harbor, the isolationists had shut up. Hollywood and the War Department
realized: President Franklin D. Roosevelt needed his own Reifenstahls --
American directors who could rally U.S. citizens with film.

In his meticulously researched, page-turning group biography "Five Came Back,"
Mark Harris, a movie critic for Entertainment Weekly, tells what happened to
these five directors -- not just during the war but after.

Enlisting was not an easy choice. Most of these men were middle-aged, with
family and financial obligations. Yet for reasons more personal than patriotic,
each renounced big bucks to bivouac among common soldiers, a decision that
affected both support for the war and their own artistic lives.

The first of the five to enlist was Ford, a devout Irish American Catholic with
a yen for the seafaring life. He had won directing Oscars for "The Grapes of
Wrath" and "The Informer." Unlike the others, he was not a womanizer, which
probably served him well on his first assignment: "Official Training Film
8-154," a.k.a. "Sex Hygiene," intended to scare soldiers from fornicating
without condoms. His details -- "frontal nudity and grotesque close-ups of
penile cancroids" -- were persuasive.

Ford was next sent to Hawaii with orders to show how quickly the Navy had
returned to fighting strength after the attack on Pearl Harbor. But these
challenges did not prepare him for the realities of combat, which he witnessed
during the Battle of Midway in the North Pacific. He functioned through the
ordeal but emerged with a withering self-awareness: "I am really a coward."

World War II, Harris reminds us, was a man's war. The Army sought Hollywood's
"manpower" and "salesmanship," gendered terms appropriate to a world where women
were excluded from combat. It was also largely a white man's war, as Wyler
discovered when he began work on a movie about segregated African American
units. Despite the proved bravery of these troops, an official War Department
report characterized them as "careless," "shiftless" and possessing "a musical
nature and a marked sense of rhythm."

Wyler fled from this project, but as a Jew whose European family was directly
threatened by Hitler, he strongly embraced his propagandist role. Wyler was
honored by the film academy as best director for the 1942 picture "Mrs.
Miniver," which he had begun before the U.S. entered WWII, and he eventually
gave the Army what it needed: "The Memphis Belle" (1944), a rousing documentary
about the last bombing mission of a Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress.

Capra, whose reasons for enlisting were as "naive," "overheated" and "erratic"
as the politics in his movie "Meet John Doe" (1941), did not at first seem a
likely candidate to transform the footage of his fellow directors into "Why We
Fight," the most potent anti-fascist propaganda films to emerge from the war. In
the 1930s, Capra was charmed by fascism: supporting Franco in the Spanish Civil
War and worshiping Italian dictator Benito Mussolini. (Only objections from
Columbia Pictures President Harry Cohn had stopped him from shooting a glowing
Mussolini biopic.) But Pearl Harbor shook Capra; he was able to channel his
concern for the little guy into support for the democratic Allies.

Following his "thirst for risk," Huston, celebrated for "The Maltese Falcon"
(1941), stumbled through the war in the same haze of booze and adultery that
marked his Hollywood life. He filmed fighting in Italy, but the Army deemed his
work too "anti-war" to be released.

Stevens, director of such fluff as "Swing Time" (1936) as well as "Woman of the
Year" (1942), was perhaps the most traumatized by the war. He dutifully sent
battle footage to Capra for "Why We Fight." But after recording the haunting
liberation of the Dachau concentration camp in Germany, he locked this film --
unedited -- in a storage unit, which remained sealed throughout his life.

Harris charts the fighting chronologically, following each director through his
own circle of wartime hell. He ends with the revealing contrast between Wyler's
immediate postwar masterpiece, "The Best Years of Our Lives" (1946) and Capra's
concurrent flop, "It's a Wonderful Life." (Full disclosure: I have always hated
"IAWL" because Capra posits that the greatest horror that can befall a woman is
to become a librarian.)

Where Capra sought to divert with fantasy and fight "atheism," Wyler focused on
returning vets, their questioning of institutions, their agonizing
re-integration into civilian life. Wyler's first-hand knowledge of the B-17 led
to the film's most powerful scene. In a bold portrayal of what we now call
post-traumatic stress, Wyler's character visits a graveyard of old planes,
climbs into the "bombardier's nest" and breaks down.

Harris' pairing of Wyler and Capra speaks volumes. But I wish he had also
lingered on Stevens' postwar work. For example, "Giant" (1956) is a potent
critique of discrimination based on ethnicity. It echoes the Nazi persecution of
Jews.

During WWII, Stevens was a team player, but he produced his greatest piece of
propaganda in 1953. "Shane," ostensibly a western, is in fact a searing plea for
pacifism. Stevens translates the enormity of Dachau into a metaphor that
audiences can absorb: "A gunshot, for our purposes, is a holocaust," he
explained. "And when a living being is shot, a life is over."

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: FRANK CAPRA, right, then a colonel in the U.S. Army, confers
with a British director, Capt. Roy Boulting, during the editing of the
Anglo-American propaganda film "Tunisian Victory" in 1944.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Imperial War Museums via Getty Images

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Book review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            February 17, 2014 Monday
                              Correction Appended
                                  Home Edition

Hail to the chief;
It's that day each year that we celebrate the nation's presidents. But how much
do you really know about the 44 men who have served in the nation's top spot?
Find out by taking our presidential quiz.

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; Opinion Desk; Part A; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 891 words


Presidential Superlatives

1 Which president served the longest?

A. George Washington

B. Franklin Roosevelt

C. Theodore Roosevelt

D. Herbert Hoover

2 Which president served the least time in office?

A. James Garfield

B. Gerald Ford

C. William Henry Harrison

D. Zachary Taylor

3 Who was the youngest president to occupy the White House?

A. Theodore Roosevelt

B. John Kennedy

C. Bill Clinton

D. Ulysses Grant

4 Who was the oldest president at the time he was first elected to office?

A. Richard Nixon

B. William Henry Harrison

C. John Adams

D. Ronald Reagan

5 Who was the tallest president?

A. Abraham Lincoln

B. Barack Obama

C. Lyndon Johnson

D. Bill Clinton

6 Who was the shortest president?

A. John Adams

B. John Quincy Adams

C. Chester Arthur

D. James Madison

Presidential Nicknames

7 Match the president to the nickname:

- 1. John Adams

- 2. William Henry Harrison

- 3. Andrew Johnson

- 4. Theodore Roosevelt

- 5. Ronald Reagan

- 6. James Buchanan

- 7. John Quincy Adams

- A. The hero of San Juan Hill

- B. The Tennessee tailor

- C. Dutch

- D. The bachelor president

- E. Tippecanoe

- F. Old man eloquent

- G. His rotundity

Presidential Romance and Marriage

8 Which of the following presidents did not lose a wife while in office?

A. John Tyler

B. Benjamin Harrison

C. Grover Cleveland

D. Woodrow Wilson

9 Which of the following presidents did not get married while in office?

A. John Tyler

B. Benjamin Harrison

C. Grover Cleveland

D. Woodrow Wilson

10 Which president married a woman more than five years older than he?

A. George Washington

B. Millard Fillmore

C. Warren Harding

D. Richard Nixon

11 Which president was divorced prior to being elected?

A. Franklin Roosevelt

B. Gerald Ford

C. Chester Arthur

D. Ronald Reagan

12 Which president gave his wife 52 pairs of socks to darn upon their marriage?

A. Richard Nixon

B. Herbert Hoover

C. Calvin Coolidge

D. George Washington

Family Matters

13 The father of which president wrote on his son's Harvard application that the
young scholar was "careless and lacks application"?

A. John Quincy Adams

B. Zachary Taylor

C. John Kennedy

D. James Madison

14 Which president's distant relative turned to cannibalism when stranded on an
expedition to Pike's Peak in Colorado?

A. Ronald Reagan

B. Franklin Roosevelt

C. Herbert Hoover

D. James Polk

15 The brother of which president insisted: "If he doesn't bawl you out now and
then, you ain't part of the family."?

A. Lyndon Johnson

B. Jimmy Carter

C. Abraham Lincoln

D. Calvin Coolidge

16 Which president said, after his unruly daughter interrupted a White House
meeting: "I can be president of the United States or I can control

[my daughter]. I cannot possibly do both."?

A. Harry Truman

B. Theodore Roosevelt

C. Ronald Reagan

D. Bill Clinton

17 The mother of which president fretted that her son had no sense of time and
would "delay and delay and delay," frequently keeping people waiting?

A. George Washington

B. Thomas Polk

C. William Henry Harrison

D. Bill Clinton

Miscellany

18 Which president told White House reporters that he carried the manhood of his
vice president in his back pocket (though he phrased it a bit more crudely)?

A. Ulysses Grant

B. John Tyler

C. Lyndon Johnson

D. Dwight Eisenhower

19 About which president, known as a brawler, did a senator once say: "Yes, I
had a fight with [him]. A fellow was hardly in fashion who didn't."?

A. James Monroe

B. Andrew Jackson

C. John Tyler

D. Zachary Taylor

20 Which president said in an interview after leaving office: "Some of the
presidents were great and some of them weren't. I can say that because I wasn't
one of the great presidents."?

A. Martin Van Buren

B. Chester Arthur

C. Harry Truman

D. George W. Bush

21 Which president made this defense of chewing tobacco: "This at least can be
said for it, that it gives a man time to think between sentences."?

A. Woodrow Wilson

B. George Washington

C. Abraham Lincoln

D. Theodore Roosevelt

22 About which president did the coauthors of a biography write: "[He] resembled
nothing so much as a medieval boy king who woke up one morning to find himself
atop the throne and began tugging at the rope for servants, ordering up royal
carriages and scheduling banquets and tournaments."?

A. George H.W. Bush

B. George W. Bush

C. Bill Clinton

D. Richard Nixon

23 Which president lost the White House china in a poker game?

A. Benjamin Harrison

B. Grover Cleveland

C. Chester Arthur

D. Warren Harding

24 Which president skinny-dipped in the Potomac?

A. Abraham Lincoln

B. John Quincy Adams

C. Theodore Roosevelt

D. Gerald Ford

--

Answers: 1 B Franklin Roosevelt, who died less than three months into his fourth
term as president, served for 4,422 days | 2 C William Henry Harrison died after
serving just 32 days in office | 3 A Theodore Roosevelt. John Kennedy was the
youngest president to be elected, at 43, but Roosevelt was just 42 when, as vice
president, he assumed the presidency upon William McKinley's death | 4 D Ronald
Reagan was 69 the first time he was elected president | 5 A Abraham Lincoln was
our tallest president at 6-foot 4-inches | 6 D James Madison stood a diminutive
5-foot, 4-inches | 7: 1 G, 2 E, 3 B, 4 A, 5 C, 6 D, 7 F | 8 C | 9 B | 10 C All
four presidents married older women, but Warren Harding's wife Florence was five
years and several months older than her husband | 11 D Ronald Reagan is the only
president to have been divorced prior to winning election | 12 C | 13 C | 14 A |
15 A | 16 B | 17 D | 18 C | 19 B | 20 C | 21 A | 22 A | 23 D | 24 B

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 20, 2014



CORRECTION: Presidential quiz: A presidential quiz on Feb. 17 referred to the 44
men who have been president of the United States. The number is 43. One question
had Thomas Polk as a possible answer. It should have been James Polk.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: WARNING: If you can't name the four presidents pictured here,
you probably shouldn't risk taking the full presidential quiz on this page.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Matthew Brady PHOTO: WARNING: If you can't name the four presidents
pictured here, you probably shouldn't risk taking the full presidential quiz on
this page.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Reagan library PHOTO: WARNING: If you can't name the
four presidents pictured here, you probably shouldn't risk taking the full
presidential quiz on this page.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Associated Press PHOTO: WARNING:
If you can't name the four presidents pictured here, you probably shouldn't risk
taking the full presidential quiz on this page.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Gilbert Stuart

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            February 16, 2014 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

Fracking boom;
A south Texas town is enjoying new oil wealth -- for a price

BYLINE: Molly Hennessy-Fiske

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; National Desk; Part A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1367 words

DATELINE:  CARRIZO SPRINGS, TEXAS


Just a few years ago this was a sleepy town of 5,600, and people eked out a
living from the land. They farmed, worked ranches and leased their property to
hunters to make a few dollars.

Now, an oil and gas boom is transforming the economy of south Texas, turning
Carrizo Springs into a busy city of at least 40,000.

Texas oil companies, tapping a vast formation called the Eagle Ford shale, have
nearly doubled oil production over the last two years and by next year are
expected to produce 4 million barrels a day. That would catapult Texas ahead of
Iran, Iraq and the United Arab Emirates to become the fifth-biggest oil producer
in the world.

Property owners who have seen the state's fortunes rise and fall during oil
booms in years past -- before the aging oil wells that first spurted "Texas tea"
went dry -- are suddenly making new millions selling and leasing, earning them
the nickname "Eagle Ford Hillbillies." The region is set to reap more than $90
billion in the next decade.

But the newfound prosperity comes at a price. The highway leading into Carrizo
Springs is cracked and pitted from the heavy traffic. Sexual assaults, thefts
and crashes are up. Women frequent parking lots selling perfume -- a pretext for
prostitution. There's a new strip club.

The sheriff has hired 15 deputies -- doubling the force -- and complains that
Mexican drug cartels are taking advantage of the chaotic atmosphere, using fake
oil trucks to conceal and transport narcotics.

Unemployment dropped from 12% to 4% countywide in the last five years. Help is
wanted at the nearby Oil Patch Cafe, Dairy Queen, Church's Chicken and pretty
much every restaurant around. Roadside signs advertise pipeline supply services,
shale tank trucks and temporary oil field housing -- complete with gourmet chefs
and maid service.

At quitting time, fleets of white energy company trucks occupy the parking lots.
Companies have pitched more than a dozen military-style man camps, or temporary
housing complexes, spartan and secure as overseas military bases. RV parks
multiplied alongside them, from two at the start of the boom to 70.

The number of hotels tripled. So did membership in the chamber of commerce, and
city sales tax revenues.

Mayor Adrian DeLeon, who has been expanding his convenience store and restaurant
to cater to oil workers, is talking about starting a community college.

The challenge of managing a boom is similar to managing a drilling operation,
said Michael Webber, deputy director of the University of Texas at Austin's
Energy Institute: "How do we harness as much good from it without getting left
with just a bad residue?"

The trick, he said, is not to drill too hard too fast: Smart drillers milk the
oil field slowly for all it's worth.

"If the cities are smart, they'll do the same thing," Webber said.

The boom has enriched scores of small towns in more than a dozen rural counties
in south Texas not known for oil and gas exploration. Oil had a brief heyday
here in the 1980s, but has never defined the economy and culture the way it has
in Houston and West Texas.

That changed in 2008, when new drilling technology for hydraulic fracturing, or
fracking, tapped a rich Texas shale formation running 50 miles wide and 400
miles long. It was named after the town where it was discovered: Eagle Ford.

As of last month, 5,021 oil and 2,468 gas wells had been drilled across the
shale, with 5,504 more permitted, according to the permitting agency, the Texas
Railroad Commission. Back in 2008, only 26 permits had been issued for Eagle
Ford shale.

Drilling operations are visible from space. At night a golden arc of light --
from natural gas flaring and electrical lights on drilling platforms -- sweeps
east from Carrizo Springs to the heart of Texas. By 2022, the deposits are
expected to generate 128,000 jobs and untold side effects across the region.

"This is transitional for south Texas -- it gives us the opportunity to create
new communities," said Leodoro Martinez Jr., who leads the Eagle Ford Shale
Consortium, a group of local leaders.

Eagle Ford is not the only shale boom in the state. West Texas, traditional oil
country, is booming again thanks to its own shale in the Permian Basin.

Texas companies were producing 2.7 million barrels of oil a day last fall --
more than every other top oil-producing state, including Alaska, California,
North Dakota and Wyoming, according to the U.S. Energy Information
Administration. Last week, officials at one of the largest oil producers in the
country, Occidental Petroleum, announced plans to move its headquarters from Los
Angeles to Houston.

Texas oil production is projected to surpass 3 million barrels a day this year
and to reach 4 million a day next year.

It's not clear how long the Eagle Ford boom will last. Some experts forecast a
decade of productive drilling, others 50 years.

Companies weigh oil prices against the cost of fracking, which is heavily
dependent on water that has become increasingly scarce across Texas. In Carrizo
Springs, the water supply is already heavily tapped by area ranchers and
farmers.

Ramon Botello, 58, a car salesman who has benefited from increased business,
worries that wastewater from fracking will contaminate groundwater and local
wells. Some days, as he drives into town, he smells an odor that's new here but
familiar in oil and gas country: like rotten eggs.

"What's going to be left for people who live here? What effect are they going to
have on us?" Botello said of the energy companies.

Fracking wastewater may bubble up through old, uncapped wells, said
Jean-Philippe Nicot, a research scientist at the University of Texas at Austin's
Bureau of Economic Geology. Carrizo Springs has already seen some old wells
overflow, the mayor said, and he's trying to cap them.

Many residents also want to avoid mistakes made by boom towns that collapsed
after oil and gas prices dropped.

"Every day we get with it is a blessing because it's more than we had before.
But it's scary to have your eggs all in one basket," said Claudia McDaniel, who
runs the Carrizo Springs Javelin newspaper.

Lawyer Alfredo Padilla, 57, leased some of his land to energy companies and has
already made a quarter of a million dollars in royalties. He works with the
companies and locals who have made millions and can afford to drive two hours to
luxury-shop in San Antonio.

"You go to the high-dollar furniture stores, and they know Carrizo Springs,"
Padilla said.

But he has also seen poor families forced to double and triple up with relatives
as rents increased.

"We went from poor people renting trailers for $300, $400 a month, to now
they're getting kicked out. That's a big problem," said Padilla, who serves on
the local housing board.

At the Wal-Mart one Sunday, mothers in minivans and elderly ladies in dusty
sedans parked beside flashy $60,000 pickups driven by oil riggers, some with
middle-school educations and six-figure salaries.

Irma Estrada, 68, loaded her sedan. Today she found everything she needed.
Sometimes she has to drive 50 miles to the next closest Wal-Mart in Uvalde
because oil workers have picked the shelves clean.

Estrada steeled herself to hit the road. Oil field shifts overlap in the morning
and evening, doubling the traffic. Restaurants have started serving beer at
breakfast.

"It's a lot of traffic. More dangerous, I think, too," she said. "I'm kind of
scared."

Across the street, oil and gas workers crowded plywood tables at Lee's
Steakhouse beneath a wall of mounted deer, wild pig and caribou heads.

Lee Vallejo opened it 16 years ago. Soon after the boom started, his daughter
Leslie Ramirez, 31, quit her teaching job to help. They expanded their staff and
menu, adding larger steaks and outdoor mesquite grilling nights. They slapped a
bumper sticker on the front door, "I love Eagle Ford."

As the boom spread to neighboring towns, Vallejo reduced his staff.

A new restaurant has opened across the street: Red Dog Ice House, an eatery
that's oil- and gas-themed, with workers' hats and jumpsuits tacked to the
walls. Two more locations are opening in nearby towns. And unlike Lee's
Steakhouse, they're designed to be portable, able to relocate as the boom moves
on.

--

molly.hennessy-fiske@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: WORKERS PREPARE to drill on the Eagle Ford shale. In 2008, new
technology for fracking granted access to the formation's oil and gas deposits,
which are expected to generate 128,000 jobs in the region by 2022.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Eddie Seal Bloomberg GRAPHIC: LIGHTING AND natural gas flares from
drilling on the Eagle Ford formation can be seen from space, beginning around
Carrizo Springs northwest of Laredo and sweeping 400 miles northeast into the
heart of Texas.  CREDIT: Graphic by Matt Moody Los Angeles Times GRAPHIC: Texas
oil boom  CREDIT: Matt Moody Los Angeles Times

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Infographic

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           February 15, 2014 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

HIGHWAY 1;
Prius is bestseller in state; trucks lead in U.S.;
Toyota's hybrid wins California sales crown again; Ford's F-Series reigns
nationwide.

BYLINE: Jerry Hirsch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1139 words


America loves trucks. California? The Prius hybrid.

Toyota's Prius was the best-selling vehicle in the state for the second
consecutive year in 2013, highlighting California's radically different taste in
automobiles. Nationally, Ford's F-Series truck has been the bestselling vehicle
for more than three decades.

The Prius ranked 16th in sales nationally.

For drivers in such places as Texas, Montana and much of the Midwest, trucks are
practical -- but also a lifestyle statement. That's why Ford slathers on the
leather and chrome in the Limited F-150 pickup with a sticker price that creeps
into the mid-$50,000 range.

"The nation of California is very different," said Jake Fisher, the automotive
test director for Consumer Reports.

California looks more like a cross between what people drive in Europe -- with
its pollution and fuel price concerns -- and the rest of the United States, he
said.

"California also has been much more open to imports historically," Fisher said,
in part because the major Asian brands -- Toyota, Honda, Mazda, Hyundai and Kia
-- all have their U.S. headquarters in the state.

Drivers in the state don't share the "buy American" outlook of the nation's
heartland, he said, because California is so far from the industrial Midwest,
the cradle of the U.S. auto industry.

Japanese brands made up eight of the top 10 cars sold in California last year.
The only domestic vehicle was the Ford truck, and it ranked sixth.

Californians purchased 69,728 Prius hybrids last year. The Honda Civic compact
sedan was a close second, with sales of 66,982. Passenger cars, including the
Honda Accord and Toyota's Camry and Corolla rounded out the top five, according
to the California New Car Dealers Assn.

Trucks, by comparison, dominated three of the top five sales spots nationally
last year. Ford sold an eye-popping 763,402 F-Series pickups last year. That was
nearly 280,000 more than the second bestselling vehicle -- the Chevrolet
Silverado pickup. (For comparison, that huge gap was about equal to all the
vehicles Mazda sells in the U.S. annually.)

The Toyota Camry, Honda Accord and Ram pickup rounded out the top five
nationally. All of the top five sellers in California are comfortable,
fuel-efficient commuter cars, a reflection of the traffic Californians put up
with daily.

The little Prius is the "statement" car in California, said Karl Brauer, an
analyst with auto information company Kelley Blue Book.

It says "green" because of its impressive fuel economy, and it says "prudent"
because the car is practical -- the liftback and wagon versions have ample cargo
space and are inexpensive to operate.

The Prius sells in a variety of models and price levels. The tiny C starts at
$19,080 while the plug-in version of the Prius liftback with the fanciest trim
and options can approach $40,000.

The average transaction price of the Prius is higher than what the other
passenger cars at the top of California's list cost, Brauer said.

"People are buying the most expensive, the most political and the car with the
most identifiable image," he said. "It makes a stronger statement than the other
four even though functionally they are all similar."

The typical Prius sells for $26,000 to $28,000 depending on whether it is the
hatchback model or the station wagon, while the average Camry goes for about
$24,000 and the typical Accord for about $25,400, according to Kelley Blue Book.

Prius owners also have a hankering for the expensive Tesla Model S electric
sports sedan, according to registration data from IHS automotive. The Prius is
the car most often traded in for a Tesla, the automotive research firm said.

So it's no surprise that California plays a vital role in the success of the
Palo Alto electric car company. Californians purchased 8,347 Teslas last year --
accounting for 37% of Tesla's global sales.

"The Tesla is the rich man's Prius," Brauer said. "It is the newer, cooler,
sleeker and hipper way to make the same statement the Prius has made for the
last 12 years."

Those sales also have generated thousands of special California environmental
credits that Tesla was able to sell to other automakers for at least $129
million through just part of last year. It could turn out to be more when Tesla
reports its financial results for the entire year next week.

Seven models make both lists of the top 10 selling cars nationally and in
California, though the order of the vehicles is scrambled.

Two vehicles are on the California list but don't come close to cracking a
roster of top sellers nationally: Toyota's mid-size Tacoma pickup truck and the
BMW 3-Series sports sedan.

The Tacoma, which scored eighth on the California list, is popular with
landscapers, construction workers and others in service industries, especially
among Latino small business owners, said Jesse Toprak, an analyst with car
shopping website Cars.com.

"They are durable and cheap to maintain, so it is probably a monetary decision
compounded by word of mouth," Toprak said.

It also is one of just two mid-size pickup trucks for sale by automakers. Its
standing could change this year or next because General Motors is about to
launch two competitors, the Chevrolet Colorado and GMC Canyon.

BMW just edges on to the California list as the 10th most popular car, primarily
because it is an image play.

"We are also a bit shallow, and we like to buy image," said Toprak, who works
from an office in Santa Monica. "That's why you see little old ladies in the
suburbs driving a fancy Mercedes-Benz S-Class, even though they don't know what
90% of the buttons in the car do."

This group of image-oriented California buyers tends to turn up their noses at
domestic brands, especially when it comes to luxury cars.

"That's a big obstacle for Cadillac and Lincoln here in California," Toprak
said.

BMW plays into that by offering aggressive lease deals on its 3-Series models
and recently launched the BMW 320, a stripped-down, less powerful model that
sells for about 10% less than where the 3-Series previously started.

"You see twenty- and thirtysomethings here in California looking at a Camry
lease and deciding to move into a BMW for a payment of maybe $50 or $60 more,"
Toprak said.

--

jerry.hirsch@latimes.com

Twitter: @latimesjerry

--

()

Bestsellers

California's top-selling vehicles in 2013

1: Toyota Prius 69,728

2: Honda Civic 66,982

3: Honda Accord 63,194

4: Toyota Camry 56,788

5: Toyota Corolla 52,167

6: Ford F-Series 41,671

7: Honda CR-V 31,850

8: Nissan Altima 31,029

9: Toyota Tacoma 28,182

10: BMW 3-Series 27,026

America's top-selling vehicles in 2013

1: Ford F-Series 763,402

2: Chevrolet Silverado 480,414

3: Toyota Camry 408,484

4: Honda Accord 366,678

5: Ram pickup 355,673

6: Honda Civic 336,180

7: Nissan Altima 320,723

8: Honda CR-V 303,904

9: Toyota Corolla 302,180

10: Ford Escape 295,993

Sources: California New Car Dealers Assn., Autodata Corp.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: THE PRIUS has impressive fuel economy and is practical. The
liftback and wagon versions have ample cargo space and are inexpensive to
operate.  PHOTOGRAPHER:MCT PHOTO: THE HONDA CIVIC came in second to the Prius in
auto sales statewide. All of the top five sellers in California are comfortable,
fuel-efficient commuter cars.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Honda/Wieck PHOTO: THE TOYOTA PRIUS
comes in a variety of models and typically sells for $26,000 to $28,000. Above,
the 2012 Prius.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Toyota PHOTO: FORD'S F-SERIES trucks have a
sticker price that can creep into the mid-$50,000 range. Above, the 2014 F-150.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Ford

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Infobox

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           February 13, 2014 Thursday
                                  Home Edition

Obama's undiplomatic picks

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; Editorial Desk; Part A; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 430 words


As an adult, Shirley Temple Black shed her signature ringlets, became a
Republican fundraiser and went on to a career as a respected diplomat in the
Nixon, Ford and George H.W. Bush administrations. Even her boss, Henry
Kissinger, was impressed, calling her "very intelligent, very tough-minded, very
disciplined."

But not all fundraisers are as able as Black, who died Monday. Consider George
James Tsunis, who has been nominated by President Obama as ambassador to Norway,
and Colleen Bell, Obama's pick to be ambassador to Hungary. Both won their
appointments after bundling money for the president's reelection campaign, and
both got off to inauspicious starts at their confirmation hearings.

It was hard not to cringe watching Tsunis answer questions last month during his
Senate confirmation hearing. If you missed it, Tsunis dismissed Norway's
anti-immigrant Progress Party as a "fringe" element and said, "I will tell you
Norway has been very quick to denounce them." As Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.)
pointed out, the Progress Party is part of the ruling coalition. Tsunis also
referred to Norway's "president." A constitutional monarchy, Norway has no
president.

Bell did no better; her response to a question about U.S. strategic interests in
Hungary dissolved into an untrackable collection of words that seemed to confuse
strategic interests with priorities. You know, law enforcement and human rights
and stuff.

It does no good to pillory Bell for her inability to think on her feet, nor
Tsunis for his ignorance -- though his failure to absorb rudimentary details
about his posting country should make the White House wonder exactly how
effective a representative he will be. This is the risk Obama takes in rewarding
political friends with jobs for which they are ill-prepared.

This page has chastised Obama on the issue before, most recently over his
decision to send former presidential daughter Caroline Kennedy to Japan.
Rewarding political backers with ambassadorial seats is hardly new, but Obama
has been noteworthy in two key ways: He has made such appointments at a higher
rate than the last few administrations, and he has done so after saying, shortly
before assuming office, that his "general inclination is to have civil service,
wherever possible, serve in these posts."

Despite the stumbles of Tsunis and Bell, White House Press Secretary Jay Carney
said the president retains "confidence in all the nominees he's put forward for
ambassadorial positions." The question is, how much confidence should the
American people have in Obama's judgment in ambassadors?

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday
                                  Home Edition

NBA;
PROGRESS IN WORK;
Griffin put in the time and effort to shore up the shortcomings in his game, and
he's having his best season. Now, about that 'soft' label . . .

BYLINE: Broderick Turner

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Desk; Part C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1419 words


Blake Griffin sat his 6-foot-10 frame in a chair and sipped tea, his eyes aglow
as he talked about how his 6-month-old son has helped him come to grips with his
critics.

During a lengthy interview, the 24-year-old Clippers All-Star described how
little Ford Wilson Cameron-Griffin has changed him, giving him more perspective
about life and his basketball career.

"Being a dad made me realize what's most important to me," Griffin said,
smiling. "All the negative talk and all the criticism, I've really blocked it
out and really just put all my energy and focus in trying to get better."

Griffin laughed when reminded of a Clippers game in November at Oklahoma City,
when he glared at Charles Barkley while running downcourt after making another
jump shot.

Barkley, the Hall of Fame player and TNT analyst, has for years been one of
Griffin's most vocal critics. But Barkley acknowledged last week that he has
"been impressed" by Griffin's recent play.

"One of the best things that has happened to him is Chris [Paul] being out
because he has been more aggressive. And that's been [my] only criticism of him
is he's not aggressive enough," Barkley said. "To me, he's got to start to
impose his will more. With Chris being out, he's doing that more."

Indeed, Griffin elevated his game while Paul missed 18 games because of a
separated right shoulder.

During Paul's absence -- the All-Star point guard returned Sunday -- Griffin was
more active handling the ball, including on fastbreaks. Griffin averaged 27.5
points on 55.4% shooting, plus 4.4 assists -- all higher than his season
averages -- and scored 25 points or more in 13 of those games, including a
season-high 43 against Miami last Wednesday.

Most important, the Clippers had a 12-6 record without Paul and padded their
lead in the Pacific Division -- and Griffin was a big reason why.

"The key for Blake is going to be when Chris comes back, he still has to be
aggressive," Barkley said. "Chris is great. He's the best leader in the NBA, but
some nights he's not going to be the best player out there. But Blake is
probably going to have an advantage [with his strength and athleticism] every
night out there and I want him to be more aggressive and take advantage of
that."

On a cold Sunday night in January, some 12 hours before the Clippers would play
the Pistons, Griffin came out of an elevator at the team's hotel in Detroit with
his iPad in his hand. He sat on an overstuffed sofa and talked about how he was
studying for the game by watching videos of his opponents, making sure he was
prepared.

Griffin then dropped 25 points on the Pistons, collected five rebounds and
handed out five assists in 33 minutes, clearly outplaying Detroit power forward
Greg Monroe.

Six hours later, the Clippers arrived in Charlotte, N.C. Griffin met up with his
personal trainer, Robbie Davis, whom he had flown in so they could begin daily
workouts for the next five days of the Clippers' seven-game trip, their longest
this season.

And that has been Griffin's pattern this season. Whether it's a game day or
practice, Griffin and Davis usually get together for strength work, balance work
and drills for moves that he uses in games.

For all of Griffin's celebrity, his power game and accomplishments on the court,
his critics contend that he's just a dunker, has few low-post moves, plays
"soft" and doesn't focus enough on the defensive end.

Fans and critics, Griffin said, don't realize how much time he puts in to
improve his game.

"It's harder for me knowing how hard I work. If I was one of those guys that was
just out here messing around and wanted to do commercials and be showy and do
all this stuff and didn't put in the work, it would be different," he said. "My
workouts, my diet, trying to take care of my body and putting in the work on the
court has always been my biggest concern. And when you just get completely
criticized for that all the time, it eats at you a little more than it should. .
. .

"My biggest pet peeve is probably the 'all I do is dunk' thing, just because
I've felt like even from day one, I've done more than that. But you understand
that people are going to . . . be critical of you no matter what."

Another criticism is that Griffin is a poor free-throw shooter. In his first
three seasons, he shot only 61.1% from the line. But Griffin has simplified his
stroke and this season is shooting a career-best 70.2%.

He has also been working on his jump shot. In his first 50 games this season,
Griffin has shot the ball more often and more accurately from 16 feet and beyond
than at any other time in his career, according to NBA.com. He has made 39.7%
(100 of 252) of those shots, up from 34.2% in his first three seasons, and is on
pace to shoot 400 outside shots this season.

The maturation of Griffin's game has caught the eye of coaches and players.

"He's improving his game," Minnesota Coach Rick Adelman said. "He's expanding
his game. He's passing the ball pretty good. He's trying to develop an outside
shot. That's what good players do. They have to find other ways to be effective.
And I think he's been pretty consistent this year."

Some of Griffin's most physical games, particularly under the basket, have been
against Memphis power forward Zach Randolph.

"Blake works hard on his game," the 32-year-old Randolph said. "We might battle,
but I've got a lot of respect for him. He plays hard. His shot got better. He's
playing smarter. He stays in the gym and works on his game. With young guys like
that, you can't complain."

Several Eastern Conference scouts also have noticed Griffin's improved play on
defense. But he can still improve, they said, because Griffin is more athletic
and quicker than other power forwards.

But Griffin remains foul-prone, averaging 3.4 personal fouls a game,
fourth-highest in the league.

"He lets players get into his body instead of bumping them first," one scout
said. "He's strong enough to hold his own down low and he can be a better
weak-side defender because of his leaping ability."

And then there is the lingering complaint that Griffin is a "soft" player.

When opponents take cheap shots at him, or when he is elbowed in the head or
grabbed by the neck, Griffin said he often prefers to let the officials handle
the situation.

"Obviously, there are two options: Not to retaliate or retaliate," Griffin said.
"I weigh the pros and cons and if I do retaliate and I do hit somebody, I'm
going to get suspended. . . .

"If I do that, am I benefiting myself and am I benefiting the team? First and
foremost, am I helping the team? I don't think I am. Am I benefiting myself by
standing up for myself? Maybe. But in the long run, [if] I get suspended and I
miss games. I don't think that helps."

When Doc Rivers took over as the Clippers' coach, he noticed Griffin's
quickness, plus his ballhandling and passing skills, all unusual for a 6-10
power forward.

So Rivers suggested that Griffin face up against defenders more often when he
has the ball, instead of just trying to overpower them.

"He has a tremendous first step," Rivers said. "If you play with your back to
them, you can't use your gift. When he turns and faces the guy guarding him,
you've got problems."

Denver Nuggets Coach Brian Shaw agrees.

"Blake Griffin has an all-around game now," Shaw said. "He faces the basket, can
post up and he's able to hit the jump shot from 15 to 17 feet."

Last month, Griffin was selected by USA Basketball to be on its initial roster
for the next Olympic team. He also made the Western Conference All-Star team for
the fourth time, and for the third consecutive year will be a starter.

For all of the criticism Griffin has heard, he said it's nothing compared with
what LeBron James faced for "The Decision" to leave the Cleveland Cavaliers and
join the Miami Heat. And that criticism intensified when James and the Heat lost
to the Dallas Mavericks in the 2011 NBA Finals.

"That's the most criticism I've seen anybody take in my life," Griffin said.
"You've seen the way he's handled it and now he's won two championships.

"You know, any criticism is motivation. . . . Some of these things players are
saying I can't do, I'm doing it or I've done. Sometimes I wonder if people
really watch me play. This is my fourth year and all I want to do is to have a
chance of winning a championship."

--

broderick.turner@latimes.com Twitter: @BA_Turner

--

()

By the numbers

Blake Griffin's season-by-season statistics with the Clippers:
YEAR    FG% FT%  RPG  PPG
2010-11 506 642 12.1 22.5
2011-12 549 521 10.9 20.7
2012-13 538 660  8.3 18.0
2013-14 537 702  9.8 23.9

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: (no caption)  PHOTOGRAPHER:Luis Sinco Los Angeles Times PHOTO:
FACING THE BASKET, rather than posting up, has made Blake Griffin harder to
guard. "He has a tremendous first step," Clippers Coach Doc Rivers says.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Luis Sinco Los Angeles Times PHOTO: THE ABSENCE of Chris Paul
brought out the best in Blake Griffin; he averaged 27.5 points in 18 games the
All-Star point guard sat out.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Luis Sinco Los Angeles Times

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Table

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            February 9, 2014 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

CELEBRITY STYLE;
Hey, man, way to rock the look

BYLINE: Adam Tschorn

SECTION: IMAGE; Features Desk; Part P; Part P; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 660 words


There has been no shortage of memorable menswear moments on awards show red
carpets this season, from the varied sartorial stylings of Jared "Man Bun" Leto
at the Golden Globes to Pharrell Williams' scene-stealing hat at the Grammy
Awards. But there was also some more subtle swagger too: Matthew McConaughey's
array of Dolce & Gabbana looks, Macklemore in an emerald green velvet tuxedo and
Bradley Cooper in a Tom Ford tuxedo that helped establish him as the new
standard-bearer of the classic Hollywood look.

--

Jared Leto

Jared Leto has been more rocker than actor in the last few years, so it
shouldn't be surprising that his red carpet looks have a rocker vibe. What is
surprising is how well he carries it off. The Golden Globes was a classic black
tuxedo rakishly accessorized with a dandy black silk scarf, hair pulled back in
an untidy man bun. At the SAG Awards, he took things up a notch tux-wise with a
white bow tie, and let his hair down. For the Critics' Choice Film Awards, he
opted for a black Balmain Homme ensemble with a bit of color in the form of an
oxblood pocket square but no necktie. It was back to Balmain for the Grammys for
what has been his standout ensemble to date: a black tuxedo jacket with a red
and black embroidered shawl collar that ended at the waist, paired with a black
T-shirt and something that looked half like a kilt and half like a black sweat
shirt tied around his waist and knotted in the front. On anyone else the
ensemble might look idiotic. But on Leto it was luxe at its just-gotta-be-me
best.

--

Pharrell Williams

Smokey Bear and Arby's logo jokes aside, the swagger of Pharrell Williams'
Vivienne Westwood handmade felt "Mountain" hat paired with a red track jacket
and jeans made that chapeau the fashion focus-puller of not just the 56th Grammy
Awards but the entire awards show circuit to date and helped him win the
Headwear Assn.'s Hat Person of 2014 Award.

--

Matthew McConaughey

Another card-carrying member of the green tux tribe, Matthew McConaughey wore a
green velvet, three-piece, one-button, peak lapel tuxedo by Dolce & Gabbana to
the Golden Globes. But rather than rest on his sartorial laurels, he continued
to up his game (most noticeably in the jacket department) at successive red
carpet appearances. At the Critics' Choice Film Awards, it was a silver silk
textured houndstooth tuxedo with black satin peak lapels by Lanvin, and for the
SAG Awards it was back to a Dolce & Gabbana three-piece (he's the face of the
brand's One fragrance line), but this time with a textured printed gray jacket
that struck the perfect balance between fashion forward and traditional.
McConaughey's formalwear wardrobe on the current awards show circuit makes him
one of the season's standouts.

--

Macklemore

For proof that man doesn't need to jettison self-expression when he dons a
tuxedo, one need look no further than Ben Haggerty (the Macklemore of Macklemore
& Ryan Lewis), who hit the Grammy Awards red carpet clad in a custom dark
emerald green velvet tuxedo with a satin shawl collar jacket and cloth-covered
buttons by Logan Neitzel Custom. Neitzel, a New York City-based fashion designer
and "Project Runway" alumnus who has been styling Haggerty for a few years now,
says, "Color for him is always the main focus. That color was his go-to -- he
really wanted it."

--

Bradley Cooper

When he hit the Golden Globes red carpet, there wasn't any one big thing but
every little thing that Bradley Cooper got just right, from the fit of the
jacket to the perfect amount of shirt-sleeve showing at the cuff. It didn't hurt
he wore a black, peak-lapel Tom Ford tuxedo. Cooper not only made the penguin
suit his own, but also set the style bar for the awards season. And while the
fashion sideshow won't truly be over until the last patent leather tux shoe has
trod the Academy Awards red carpet on March 2, it's hard to imagine anyone
taking the crown from the new king of the red carpet. Classic. Timeless.
Perfection.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Bradley Cooper  PHOTOGRAPHER:Jason Merritt Getty Images PHOTO:
Pharrell Williams  PHOTOGRAPHER:Wally Skalij Los Angeles Times PHOTO: Matthew
McConaughey  PHOTOGRAPHER:Wally Skalij Los Angeles Times PHOTO: Macklemore
PHOTOGRAPHER:Wally Skalij Los Angeles Times PHOTO: Jared Leto
PHOTOGRAPHER:Angela Weiss Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               10 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            February 9, 2014 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

BELIZE;
Coppola's jungle set;
The 'Apocalypse Now' director's inns set the scene for a respite by the sea or
in a forest

BYLINE: John Horn

SECTION: TRAVEL; Travel Desk; Part L; Part L; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1758 words

DATELINE:  MOUNTAIN PINE RIDGE FOREST RESERVE, BELIZE


As Hummingbird Highway carves away from Belize's resort-laden sands, pavement
dissolves into rutted dirt tracks and the dense jungle canopy starts to press in
from all sides. The tallest buildings pushing through the foliage are Maya
ruins, and howler monkeys and macaws lurk in the ceiba trees. Late at night,
distant thunderstorms ring the horizon, broad sheets of lightning illuminating
the mountains.

Before I brought my family to Belize for 10 days last summer, I packed a copy of
"Heart of Darkness," knowing that although traveling through Central America
wouldn't precisely parallel a trip up the Congo River, Joseph Conrad's novel
would remind me that the book was the indirect inspiration for our itinerary.

I had traveled to Belize several times before I started a family, and even
though tourism has transformed much of the country for the worse in the
intervening 20 years, I wanted to revisit what I loved most about the tiny but
diverse nation: lavish lodgings smack in the middle of untamed, natural beauty.
And because I cover the movie business for The Times, I thought of no better way
to see the country than by staying at Francis Ford Coppola's two Belizean
resorts, Blancaneaux Lodge and Turtle Inn.

Not long after he shot "Apocalypse Now," his Vietnam-set retelling of "Heart of
Darkness," the director traveled to what had recently been known as British
Honduras. He was searching for a primitive escape that recalled the tropical
wilds of the Philippines, where "Apocalypse Now" was filmed.

When he landed in Belize in 1981, he was really looking for a getaway where he
could write. But he ended up becoming an innkeeper, and his swank, eco-friendly
resorts -- one on Belize's shoreline outside Placencia, the other tucked into
the untamed forest about an hour from the country's western border with
Guatemala -- became the standard against which other Belizean high-end area
properties are measured.

Coppola initially considered buying his own Philippine island to cure his
"Apocalypse Now" longing. He soon stumbled upon a lodge inside Belize's Mountain
Pine Ridge Forest Reserve, not far from the village of San Ignacio, where he
typed by candlelight in silence because there was neither electricity nor
phones.

"The jungle is a wonderful place," he told me after we returned from Belize.
"And I was looking to re-create the experience I had working on the film."

As Coppola spent more time with his family in the wild, he added modern
conveniences to his getaway, then staff to keep up the place. He didn't intend
to house paying guests, and he certainly never aimed to be an innkeeper. But
little by little, his secluded retreat started to look a lot like a hotel.

In 1993, his would-be writing escape was re-christened Blancaneaux Lodge, after
the French botanist who originally owned the land. Twenty cabanas and villas now
nestle along Privassion Creek, about an hour's teeth-rattling drive by
four-wheel-drive vehicle from the nearest paved road.

Like Coppola's foray into winemaking, which started as a hobby, this passion for
Belizean resorts soon became a business. He also owns another property in this
Central American nation of 324,000, the equally opulent Turtle Inn, which sits
outside a Creole fishing village on Belize's southern coast. (Coppola's Central
American properties also include La Lancha, near Guatemala's Lago Peten Itza.)

If Blancaneaux Lodge and Turtle Inn were Hollywood movies, you would recognize
similar directorial touches throughout -- spacious open-air accommodations,
handcrafted furnishings, organic local produce, Coppola's wines, impeccable
hospitality and a variety of pricey, guided excursions.

But the two properties, which Coppola visits regularly, are ultimately as
different as the director's "The Conversation" is from his "The Cotton Club."

There's no natural order to which property to visit first, but if you prefer
self-directed days amid solitude at the start of your vacation and more locals
and local culture at the end, start at Blancaneaux, which can be reached by a
private airstrip (a short patch of dirt, to be accurate) or a three-hour drive
from Belize City (which now can be reached on nonstop flights from Los Angeles).

Although the infrastructure has improved dramatically since Coppola first
arrived, the nation remains largely undeveloped and inaccessible, which explains
how a construction crew recently was able to grind up a small, 2,300-year-old
Maya ruin to make roads without being detected until it was too late.

The driveway into Blancaneaux borders its sprawling organic garden, whose
tomatoes, arugula, beets and cucumbers are used in the property's two
restaurants, which prepare the breakfasts included in the room rate. (Lunch and
dinner are extra; for the four of us, dinner with wine averaged $120, while
lunch was $60.)

If you don't want to leave the property, Blancaneaux has just enough, but barely
so, to keep you occupied for a few days. The nearest other resort, the Gaia
Riverlodge, is a 15-minute drive, and there's no town in the immediate vicinity,
which is largely populated with Prussian Mennonite farms.

Blancaneaux, which has worked with the Rainforest Alliance conservation
organization to develop and maintain environmentally sustainable practices, has
no air conditioners or televisions, and at night, without artificial
illumination, the grounds are so dark you need a flashlight to navigate.

We spent a fair amount of time lounging by the creek and in the pool, and our
two sons, then 8 and 13, killed hours at the bar playing the Tower of Hanoi
stacking puzzle, while their parents sipped spiked fruit punch and Belikin, the
local beer. The resort was pretty much all ours, as we were visiting in June at
the start of Belize's rainy season; Blancaneaux has a capacity of 65 guests, and
we shared it with just three couples. (The resort staff numbered about 50.)

Eager to see the area, we took ourselves on a one-hour hike to Big Rock Falls,
swimming underneath a cascade and enjoying a picnic lunch ($50 for four)
prepared and packed into two day packs by the lodge's staff.

If, like us, you don't have a rental car, the more ambitious trips out of
Blancaneaux aren't cheap. We took three excursions, a 12-hour journey to
Guatemala's massive ruins of Tikal (about $1,000 for the family, which includes
entrance fees, lunch, three separate guides and a private tour) and half-day
trips canoeing about a mile up the pitch-black Barton Creek caves ($450) and zip
lining through the local forest ($100).

Other outings include a night hike in search of jaguars and a tour of the local
Mayan ruins of Caracol. We thought the food at Blancaneaux was fine, but after
several days of not eating anywhere else, we had a driver take us to Gaia
Riverlodge for dinner. It was perfectly lovely, but not as good as where we were
staying.

If Blancaneaux's origins were guided by happenstance, the history of Turtle Inn
is a bit unluckier. After numerous Blancaneaux guests asked him to recommend a
beach-side place to stay, Coppola decided to buy a rustic property on an exposed
spit of land near the tip of a peninsula outside Placencia.

Just months after he acquired the resort, it was destroyed by Hurricane Iris in
2001. "There was nothing left -- it was just an empty beach," Coppola said. "So
I rebuilt it in a much more deluxe style."

Unlike Blancaneaux, the Turtle Inn property, with 25 thatched-roof cottages and
villas, promises more to do off property than on it. Although you can book scuba
trips from the hotel, dive shops abound nearby, and we spent countless hours
swimming, snorkeling and taking the resort's small catamaran and sea kayaks out
for a spin.

Rather than pay Turtle Inn $80 a person for a half-day exploration of the
mangrove islands along the Monkey River (where my sons and I ate live termites,
a local delicacy), we paid $60 each to Splash Dive Center, saving us $80 total,
for the same trip.

But when choppy seas forced another off-property tour operator to cancel our
planned snorkeling trip to the spectacular national park Laughing Bird Caye,
about an hour's boat ride, Turtle Inn booked its own more powerful boat and
packed lunches for us. The cost was dear (about $600 for the whole day), but
swimming with rays, turtles and thousands of fish was beyond price.

The village of Placencia, several hundred yards south, is packed with
restaurants serving fish just brought to market, and every night we either rode
the inn's bicycles or took its shuttle bus (the mosquitoes were thick and
hungry) into town. We had lovely meals at Rumfish y Vino and Secret Garden,
where dinner was about $25 a person, followed by a $2 gelato from Tutti Frutti,
the local ice cream parlor.

At both Blancaneaux and Turtle Inn, the disparity between the local standard of
living and the comforts enjoyed by tourists is startling and disquieting. But
neither resort feels like a fortress, and their environmental footprints are
minimal: Banana peels brought back from packed lunches are composted, and water
bottles are refillable glass.

Coppola said the properties ultimately are a lot like movies. "The staff is the
cast of the film, and the guests are the audience," he said. "And you invite
your guests into a world, maybe a magical world. And as with a movie, there's
always a detail -- some little thing -- that people remember.

"Hotels are not really that far from my original training and love. It's just a
different stage."

--

john.horn@latimes.com

--

If you go

THE BEST WAY TO BELIZE

From LAX, Delta offers nonstop service to Belize City, and United, American,
Delta and TACA offer connecting service (change of plane). Restricted round-trip
airfares begin at $631, including taxes and fees.

Hotel transfers from Belize City to Blancaneaux Lodge cost $210 for a family of
four, with the longer transfer from Blancaneaux to Turtle Inn costing $325.
Flights are available between Belize City, Blancaneaux Lodge and Placencia but
are more expensive than ground transfers.

WHERE TO STAY

High-season rates (January to May, with even higher rates at Christmas and
Easter) at Blancaneaux Lodge start at $339 a night for a cabana, and $629 a
night for the two-bedroom villa we occupied. During the summer and fall, rates
drop to $279 and $549, respectively. High-season rates at Turtle Inn start at
$449 a night for a garden-view cottage, and $819 a night for the seafront villa
we occupied. During the summer and fall, the rates drop to $319 and $679,
respectively. (800) 746-3743, www.coppolaresorts.com

TO LEARN MORE

Belize Tourism Board, www.travelbelize.org

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: TURTLE INN, filmmaker Francis Ford Coppola's seafront Belizean
hideaway, features luxury-style thatched-roof cottages and villas, and plenty of
outdoor activities.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Coppola Resorts.com PHOTO: LAUGHING BIRD CAYE,
a spectacular national park in Belize about an hour's boat ride from the Turtle
Inn, features beautiful beaches and great water sports.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Belize
Tourism Board PHOTO: IN THE Maya Mountains of Belize, the Blancaneaux Lodge sits
near waterfalls and natural pools.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Coppola Resorts.com PHOTO: A
PYRAMID is among the many structures at Caracol, a Maya archaeological site in
what is now the Cayo District of Belize.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Belize Tourism Board
GRAPHIC: MAP: Belize  CREDIT: Los Angeles Times

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Infobox; Infographic

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               11 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           February 8, 2014 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

HIGHWAY 1;
CAR REVIEW;
Jeep Cherokee makes comeback;
The compact SUV is refined enough to match any of its competitors, but it comes
up short in cargo space

BYLINE: David Undercoffler

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1228 words


Consider the original Jeep Cherokee a founding member of the compact SUV club.

It defined a simple formula: Spartan, boxy, rugged. Jeep started selling the
Cherokee in 1984 and discontinued it for the U.S. market in 2001. It joined the
Chevy Blazer and Isuzu Trooper as retired members of this forgotten club.

The truck-like Cherokee was ushered out by the softer Liberty, a rear-drive
vehicle more in touch with the burgeoning crossover trend that continues today
(the Cherokee name lived on in foreign markets). The Liberty was a hit for Jeep,
selling on pace with titans of the segment such as the Ford Escape and Honda
CR-V.

But sales had waned by 2009, as competitors from Toyota, Kia, Nissan, Subaru and
Hyundai crowded the field. Some of the Liberty's problems were self-inflicted:
Jeep fragmented its small crossover lineup by adding the Compass and Patriot.

For 2014, the Cherokee name is back.

This time it's affixed to a forward-thinking crossover that starts at $23,990.
Highlights include a groundbreaking design, a nine-speed automatic transmission
and enough engine and trim options to draw a wide swath of shoppers. The
Cherokee returns as a higher-stakes play for Jeep and parent company Fiat
Chrysler, in a compact crossover segment that has doubled in size in the last
decade to 10% of the market.

The Cherokee itself is surprisingly small, even in a compact segment, and that
could turn away some buyers. It's built on a front-wheel-drive Fiat platform
that also underpins the compact Dodge Dart and upcoming Chrysler 200 sedan.
Front and rear passengers have plenty of space, but the cargo area suffers, with
measurements lagging significantly behind the pack.

You might think that means the Cherokee is more nimble or easier to park, but
the Jeep is no shorter than its peers on the outside.

The cabin is refined and quiet enough to match any of the Jeep's competitors.
This long list includes the Honda CR-V, Toyota RAV4, Ford Escape, Nissan Rogue,
Subaru Forester, Chevy Equinox, and even the tidy Hyundai Tucson and Kia
Sportage.

The lack of hauling space is a conspicuous mark against an otherwise worthy
vehicle with an eye-catching design. The traditional vertical slats in the
grille -- which have adorned Jeeps since the dawn of time -- are still there.
But nothing else on the Cherokee's face has been done before by the brand.

In photos, the new Cherokee looks like an awkward prop vehicle from a bad sci-fi
movie. Thin LED lights at the upper corners of the crossover look like squinting
eyes where we traditionally expect headlights. The real headlights are actually
the smaller round guys hidden in plain sight just below the LEDs.

Viewed in person, however, the Cherokee looks bold rather than ugly. The look is
futuristic, a risky move for Jeep. But it separates this model from the rest of
the interchangeable pack in a refreshing way. Chrysler hopes it will do this for
years.

"Remember that this vehicle will still be in the market in 2018 or 2019," said
Mike Manley, Jeep's chief executive. "It's a very competitive segment, so we
knew, across all the key elements, that we had to be progressive in every sense
that we could be."

The Cherokee also happens to look good in hiking boots and a flannel jacket.
Although most Cherokee buyers will opt for the pavement-friendly Sport, Latitude
or Limited versions, Jeep has tried to stay true to its off-road roots by
including the optional Trailhawk version.

This package starts at $30,490 for a four-cylinder model and comes in
all-wheel-drive form only. Standard gear is the kind that the mud and rock guys
covet, including more aggressively styled front and rear bumpers, a 1-inch lift
to the chassis, a locking rear differential, skid plates, tow hooks and five
selectable modes for the AWD system.

We spent a week in a fully loaded V-6 model that stomped out the door for
$38,710. This included leather seats that were heated up front, a heated
steering wheel, an 8.4-inch touch-screen navigation and infotainment system,
blind spot monitoring, adaptive cruise control, forward collision warning and
crash mitigation, and parallel parking assist.

The engine under our tester's hood was a 3.2-liter V-6 from the much-lauded
Pentastar family of engines. Here it lives up to expectations, making 271 smooth
horsepower and 239 pound-feet of torque. Fuel economy clocks in at 19 miles per
gallon in the city and 26 mpg on the highway. During 300 miles of testing in
mixed driving, we averaged 20.5 mpg.

But $38,710 is goofy money to spend in this segment. If you really are that
worried about keeping your man card by buying the Trailhawk edition, skip most
of the option packages. Spring for the excellent touch-screen navigation system
(in any of the Cherokees), because it's a steal at $795, and a smart buyer can
go home with a four-cylinder model for a much more reasonable $31,285.

But the Trailhawk edition is a savvy marketing move. Jeep can use it to appeal
to brand loyalists and adrenaline-fueled outdoor enthusiasts with splashy ads
like those during the Super Bowl.

At the same time, Jeep can highlight the cotton-soft, family-friendly side of
the Cherokee in other mainstream advertising spaces. It's this cheaper Cherokee
that will make up the lion's share of sales.

The $27,985 Latitude we tested came in front-wheel-drive guise, with the base
2.4-liter in-line four-cylinder engine that makes 184 horsepower and 171
pound-feet of torque. It's a smooth, capable unit that serves its purpose well.
That is, when the transmission would allow it.

All new Cherokees use a nine-speed automatic transmission to hunt for the last
drops of fuel economy. Our time in the four- and six-cylinder models revealed
that the transmissions in both were generally fine but a bit reluctant to
downshift when more power was needed. (Stomping helped.)

With nine speeds to choose from, the reluctance to shift was surprising. We also
noticed occasionally abrupt upshifts when the vehicle was cold.

But the only big drawback was cargo room. If the Cherokee lands on your shopping
list -- and it should -- beg the salesman's forgiveness and pull over during the
test drive. Pop the trunk and take a deep look at the cargo area. If you can
live with the smaller space, you can live with this Jeep.

--

david.undercoffler@latimes.com

Twitter: @latimes_driven

--

()

At a glance

2014 Jeep Cherokee Latitude

Times' take: Forward- thinking design and transmission wrapped in a too-small
package

Highs: Smooth engine, excellent interior finish, groundbreaking exterior

Lows: Cargo space is tight, nine-speed gearbox may have growing pains

Vehicle type: Four-door compact crossover SUV

Base price: $23,990

Price as tested: $27,985

Powertrain: 2.4-liter in-line four-cylinder engine, front-wheel drive

Transmission: Nine-speed automatic

Horsepower: 184

Torque: 171 pound-feet

EPA fuel economy rating: 22 mpg city, 31 mpg highway

2014 Jeep Cherokee Trailhawk V-6

Times' take: A Jeep with all the toys and a price tag to match

Highs: New design looks good in hiking boots, keeps Jeep's (off) street cred

Lows: Small cargo area, which is fine since you'll be out of money to buy new
gear

Vehicle type: Four-door compact crossover SUV

Base price: $31,985

Price as tested: $38,710

Powertrain: 3.2-liter V-6 engine, all-wheel drive

Transmission: Nine-speed automatic

Horsepower: 271

Torque: 239 pound-feet

EPA fuel economy rating: 19 mpg city, 26 mpg highway

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: JEEP HAS TRIED to stay true to its off-road roots with the
Trailhawk version. Standard gear includes a 1-inch lift to the chassis, skid
plates and tow hooks.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Jeep PHOTO: HIGHLIGHTS OF THE 2014 Jeep
Cherokee include a groundbreaking design, a nine-speed automatic transmission
and enough engine and trim options to draw a wide swath of shoppers.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Jeep PHOTO: FRONT AND REAR passengers have plenty of space, but the
cargo room is skimpy. On the outside, the Jeep is no shorter than its peers.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Jeep

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Infobox

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               12 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           February 1, 2014 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

HOME & DESIGN;
Classic suites in Beverly Hills

BYLINE: Lisa Boone

SECTION: SATURDAY; Home Desk; Part E; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 298 words


In honor of the Beverly Hills centennial this year, interior designers Nina
Petronzio, Tihany Design, Tom Ford Design, Ken Fulk and Forchielli Glynn each
have designed a hotel suite that captures an era from the last century.

The five participating hotels -- the Beverly Hills Hotel & Bungalows, the
Montage Beverly Hills, the Beverly Hilton, L'Ermitage Beverly Hills and the
Peninsula Beverly Hills -- all are familiar with luxury and high-end design.

The rooms, inspired by celebrities and fashion, offer a history lesson as
designers re-create moods from long ago while establishing a dialogue with the
present.

In a nod to the 1940s, interior designer Nina Petronzio created a mysterious
film noir feel at the Montage Beverly Hills using custom Art Deco furniture,
Lalique crystal and vintage accessories.

Moving on to the 1950s, Tihany Design furnished a Beverly Hills Hotel suite with
curved furnishings, black lacquer finishes, tropical prints, shag carpeting and
a bar made of sycamore.

A few blocks away at the Beverly Hilton, the Tom Ford Design suite evokes the
glamorous Hollywood-Regency era from the 1960s with over-the-top luxury. (The
suite also includes a display of Barbie dolls from the 1960s.)

Replicating the disco era from the 1970s, Ken Fulk decorated a suite at
L'Ermitage with high-gloss lacquer and mirror finishes, orchids and vintage
fashions that recall Halston.

Moving to present day, the design firm Forchielli Glynn sought to reflect the
Peninsula hotel's glamorous role during awards season by crafting a suite
decorated with mirrored walls, sumptuous sofas and silver finishes.

Room rates start at $1,914 (representing the year Beverly Hills was founded).
Reservations began Tuesday for stays from March 7 to Dec. 30.

--

lisa.boone@latimes.com

Twitter: @lisaboone19

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: L'ERMITAGE has a 1970s-style suite by Ken Fulk. It's part of
hotels' nod to Beverly Hills' centennial.  PHOTOGRAPHER:John Ellis Photography
PHOTO: A PENINSULA SUITE gets an awards season look.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Ryan Forbes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               13 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           January 29, 2014 Wednesday
                                  Home Edition

Chaldeans divided on rival chambers;
Although the San Diego-area groups have similar plans, the organizations have
been less than friendly

BYLINE: James Barragan

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 882 words


Everyone in metropolitan Detroit knows who the Chaldeans are.

They came to the Motor City in droves during the 1920s, lured by high wages at
Henry Ford's automobile plants. Since then, they have grown to a population of
more than 120,000 in Detroit -- the largest in any area outside their native
Iraq -- and hold substantial clout in the area's business and political circles.

Now two rival organizations want everyone in California to know the ethnic
group, which is united by its Christian faith, Aramaic language and
entrepreneurial zeal.

"The perennial issue is that there was a void for a statewide organization to
represent our interests at the local, state and federal level, as well as
internationally," said Johnny Oram, a former board member of Michigan's Chaldean
chamber who founded the Chaldean American Chamber of Commerce of California in
November. "We're filling that void."

Also trying to fill that void is the San Diego East County Chaldean American
Chamber of Commerce, which was formed last year by Santee business owner Ben
Kalasho.

Although the two groups have similar plans -- the mixers, workshops and lobbying
common among chambers of commerce -- the organizations have been
less-than-friendly rivals.

Kalasho sued Oram and a prominent backer in December, alleging trademark
infringement among other things. Kalasho's lawsuit alleges that Oram's group
stole his logo and interfered with the working of Kalasho's organization, which
he contends is the original Chaldean chamber in the area.

Oram said the lawsuit is "frivolous."

"I've tried working with him, tried reaching out to him through various
[intermediaries] and he's taken the undiplomatic road," Oram said. "He's trying
to stifle competition."

Despite their differences, the groups share the mission of promoting the
interests of Chaldean enterprises, and a big part of that involves introducing
Chaldeans to California.

"Lots of people are going to ask, 'Who are the Chaldeans and where do they come
from?' " Oram said. About 72,000 Chaldeans live in San Diego County, where the
chamber is based, with thousands more across the state, he said.

Kalasho, whose group has more than 120 members, said there should be more
organizations to help Chaldean businesses assimilate into American culture,
which is the goal of his organization.

"Any time we make a networking connection, whether it's between two Chaldeans,
or Chaldeans and non-Chaldeans or between two non-Chaldeans, it's a success for
us. We're working really diligently to do that. And that's where we get our
satisfaction," Kalasho said.

When Chaldeans first immigrated to the U.S., they bought small businesses such
as grocery stores. They continue to own small enterprises, but nowadays they are
also doctors, lawyers and politicians -- professionals whom Oram said his
chamber will focus on attracting. Kalasho, who owns a gas station and a carwash,
is concentrating on small firms.

Despite the progress made by Chaldeans, some people have negative perceptions of
the community, Oram said -- a situation highlighted last year when El Cajon
Mayor Mark Lewis was accused of making derogatory comments about Chaldeans
during a magazine interview.

Lewis was quoted in the Progressive as saying that some Chaldean children get a
free school lunch and then are "picked up by Mercedes-Benzes" and that Chaldeans
arrive in America and soon learn "where all the freebies are at."

Lewis apologized, saying his remarks were taken out of context. He resigned
afterward, citing health reasons.

Bill Wells, who replaced Lewis as El Cajon mayor, said he welcomes efforts by
the Chaldean business community to band together.

"It's good for any group to organize and interact with the business community,"
Wells said. "Over the last 10 years or so, the Chaldean population has grown
from almost nothing to now being a big part of the landscape, and we're really
aware of the power base in the Chaldean community."

Despite its short tenure, Oram's group has attracted some significant backers.
The chamber received $100,000 from Mark Arabo, a Chaldean who is chief executive
of the influential Neighborhood Market Assn., a San Diego group with member
businesses in California, Arizona and Nevada. Arabo and the Neighborhood Market
Assn. also were named in Kalasho's lawsuit.

"Our $100,000 donation to Oram's chamber was a signal of collaboration between
our two organizations to achieve a greater good," Arabo said. "We hope that this
money serves as a platform toward a new narrative for the Chaldean people."

Wadie Deddeh, a former state legislator of Chaldean descent and resident of San
Diego, was named an honorary co-chair of Oram's group. Deddeh said he's been
asking Chaldeans to form a business group for years.

"We are unfortunately not as organized as we could be, but you've got to keep
pushing them," Deddeh said.

Amad Attisha is one of more than 200 members that have joined Oram's chamber. He
said he signed up to help develop other businesses in the Chaldean community and
to benefit from the political advocacy the group could provide.

"I don't have the luxury or time to talk to politicians who don't understand the
Chaldean" culture, said Attisha, whose businesses include gas stations,
supermarkets and carwashes.

--

james.barragan@latimes.com

Twitter: @James_Barragan

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: OWNER Amad Attisha, left, talks to a customer at his Save a Lot
market in San Diego this month.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Don Bartletti Los Angeles Times
PHOTO: AMAD ATTISHA tidies up his Save a Lot market in San Diego. The business
owner is one of more than 200 members of the Chaldean American Chamber of
Commerce of California.  PHOTOGRAPHER: Don Bartletti Los Angeles Times PHOTO: A
CUSTOMER shops for produce in the market owned by Attisha, whose other
businesses include gas stations and carwashes.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Don Bartletti Los
Angeles Times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               14 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           January 29, 2014 Wednesday
                                  Home Edition

Ford profit increases for quarter, year

BYLINE: Jerry Hirsch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 406 words


Continued strong business in North America and China powered Ford Motor Co. to
one of its best years in memory.

The company reported fourth-quarter profit of $3 billion, up 90% from a year
earlier. It was Ford's 18th consecutive quarterly profit. Revenue rose almost 4%
to $37.6 billion.

Annual earnings increased 26% to $7.2 billion, while revenue climbed 10% over
the previous year to $146.9 billion.

"It was one of the best full-year results in our history," said Robert Shanks,
Ford's chief financial officer.

Ford posted its highest operating profit in more than a decade. The results
included record annual profits in North America and its Asia Pacific and Africa
region. The automaker nearly broke even in South America, and losses in Europe
declined from the previous year. Ford's automotive financing business also
posted a profit.

The earnings triggered record profit-sharing payments averaging about $8,800 to
47,000 union employees in March.

But Ford executives warned investors that this year will be harder because of
increased competition and the costs of redesigned vehicles, especially its
best-selling F-Series pickup.

Ford Chief Executive Alan Mulally said 2014 operating profit would decline to a
range of $7 billion to $8 billion, down from $8.8 billion in 2013.

Ford will have to close several factories for a combined 13 weeks to retool for
production of the new truck, the first full-size pickup built with a
dramatically lighter aluminum body.

The new architecture is a gamble for Ford, analysts said.

Ford earns about $11,000 on a pickup truck sale compared with $5,000 for a car,
said Brian Johnson, an analyst at Barclays Capital. The F-Series trucks account
for nearly half of Ford's North American profit, he said.

Sales of the truck have already been delayed, from summer until year's end,
probably because of challenges in manufacturing with aluminum, Johnson said.

"We give Ford credit for pushing the envelope with an innovative product that
some would describe as potentially game-changing," Johnson said. "However, with
the new product comes a good amount of risk."

Other analysts believe the bet will eventually pay off.

Profit probably will decline this year because of factory retooling costs, but
increase in 2015, said Efraim Levy, an analyst with S&P Capital IQ.

"We think Ford will reap benefits from the truck transition and growth in Asia
Pacific in 2015," he said.

--

jerry.hirsch@latimes.com

twitter/latimesjerry

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Corporate earnings

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               15 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            January 28, 2014 Tuesday
                                  Home Edition

BUSINESS BRIEFING;
AUTOS;
Berkshire to buy MyAssist assets

BYLINE: Times Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 93 words


Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. is betting on a service that helps
companies including Ford Motor Co. and Daimler's Mercedes-Benz provide live,
in-car support to drivers.

Berkshire agreed to buy the assets of MyAssist Inc., a concierge and
personal-assistant service, from Noel Group, according to a unit of Buffett's
company.

Automakers are racing to create connected cars as consumers increasingly demand
that their vehicles keep them constantly linked to their digital lives.
In-vehicle technology is the top selling point for 39% of car buyers today.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               16 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            January 26, 2014 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

THE DAY IN SPORTS;
Pacquiao, Bradley to duel again on April 12

BYLINE: Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Desk; Part C; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 674 words


Timothy Bradley's thirst to definitively defeat Manny Pacquiao has lasted nearly
two years. On April 12, Bradley's opportunity will arrive.

Top Rank, the promoter for both fighters, announced Saturday that Pacquiao
(55-5-2, 38 knockouts) and Bradley (31-0, 12 KOs) will have their rematch that
night at MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, on HBO pay-per-view.

Bradley, 30, of the Coachella Valley defeated Filipino star Pacquiao by a
controversial split-decision on June 9, 2012. Since-resigned judge C.J. Ross
awarded Bradley a 115-113 score and since-retired Duane Ford scored it the same
way. Bradley said afterward he was made to feel as if he had lost.

Top Rank Chairman Bob Arum said Pacquiao will receive a $20-million guarantee
for the bout and Bradley will get $6 million guaranteed, with each receiving any
"upside" of pay-per-view sales. Bradley, as part of the deal, signed an
extension with Top Rank through at least 2015, Arum said.

-- Lance Pugmire

Mikey Garcia (34-0) retained the WBO junior-lightweight title with a unanimous
decision over Juan Carlos Burgos (30-2-2) at Madison Square Garden in New York.
In a fight that drew boos for lack of action, Garcia won with scores of 119-109,
118-110 and 118-110.

Lamont Peterson (32-2-1) retained the IBF junior-welterweight title, unanimously
outpointing previously undefeated Dierry Jean (25-1) at the DC Armory in
Washington. Peterson won by scores of 118-111, 116-112 and 115-113.

German cruiserweight Marco Huck stopped compatriot Firat Arslan in the sixth
round of their rematch at Stuttgart, Germany, to successfully retain his WBO
belt for the 12th time.

Benson Henderson, a top lightweight contender, won a split decision over Josh
Thomson in the five-round main event of the UFC on Fox 10 at Chicago.

Fresno State's Derek Carr and San Jose State's David Fales each threw touchdown
passes and Auburn's Dee Ford racked up two sacks in the South's 20-10 victory
over the North in the Senior Bowl at Mobile, Ala. Ford was selected the game's
most valuable player, and Alabama receiver Kevin Norwood, who caught a 24-yard
touchdown pass from Fales, was selected the South's most outstanding player.

NFL stars kept it light during their last Pro Bowl practice, dropping hints
they'll use trickery to get an edge for the game Sunday at Honolulu. "It's super
top-secret -- I can't talk about it," Cleveland Browns center Alex Mack said.

Na Yeon Choi shot a seven-under 66 to take a one-stroke lead in the Bahamas LPGA
Classic at Paradise Island. Choi birdied three of the last four holes to reach
15-under 204. Lizette Salas was a stroke back after a 66. Jessica Korda and
Paula Creamer each eagled the 18th to reach 12 under. Michelle Wie and
16-year-old Lydia Ko were in a group at 10 under.

Sergio Garcia won the Qatar Masters at Doha for his 11th European Tour title,
beating Mikko Ilonen with a birdie on the third hole of a playoff. Garcia closed
with a seven-under 65 to match Ilonen at 16-under 272. Ilonen had a 66, making
an 18-foot birdie putt on the 18th hole to force the playoff.

Memo Gidley and Matteo Malucelli were admitted to a Daytona Beach (Fla.)
hospital for further testing after a two-car accident right before the
three-hour mark of the Rolex 24 at Daytona. International Motor Sports Assn.
officials said both drivers were awake and communicating. No other information
was given about their condition.

Hannes Reichelt, who benefited when Bode Miller veered off the race line, became
the first Austrian winner of the Hahnenkamm downhill at Kitzbuehel, Austria, in
eight years. Reichelt finished in 2 minutes 3.38 seconds. Overall World Cup
leader Aksel Lund Svindal was 0.21 back in second place, and Miller was 0.34
back in third.

Defending overall World Cup champion Tina Maze of Slovenia got her first win of
the season, taking the downhill at Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy, with a time of 1:
37.79. No Americans were in the top three.

Olympic gold-medal favorite Mark McMorris of Canada fractured a rib during a
crash in the Winter X Games slopestyle finals at Aspen, Colo.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: TIMOTHY BRADLEY, left, won a controversial split decision over
Manny Pacquiao when the two fought on June 9, 2012.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Chris Carlson
Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               17 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           January 23, 2014 Thursday
                                  Home Edition

Self-driving cars' new focus;
Ford teams with MIT and Stanford to figure out ways to make them intuitive.

BYLINE: Jerry Hirsch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 472 words


Ford Motor Co. will team with MIT and Stanford University to try to figure out
how to give self-driving, or automated, cars intuition.

The Stanford research will examine how a car's LiDAR infrared sensors could see
around obstacles.

Similar to the way a bat or dolphin uses sound waves, LiDAR bounces infrared
light off objects as far as 200 feet away and then uses the data to create a
real-time 3-D map of the vicinity. The sensors are powerful enough to tell the
difference between a paper bag and a small animal almost a football field away,
Ford said.

"Typically, when a driver's view is blocked by an obstacle like a big truck, the
driver will maneuver within the lane to take a peek around it and see what is
ahead," Ford said in a statement.

The research would look at how to enable the sensors to also discern what is
ahead and make evasive maneuvers if needed. For example, if the truck ahead
slammed on its brakes, the vehicle would know whether the area around it is
clear to safely change lanes, the automaker said.

"Our goal is to provide the vehicle with common sense," said Greg Stevens,
global manager for driver assistance and active safety, Ford research and
innovation. "Drivers are good at using the cues around them to predict what will
happen next, and they know that what you can't see is often as important as what
you can see."

He said the research aims to give a similar "intuition" to the vehicle.

Ford will work with MIT to generate a real-time 3-D map of the vehicle's
surrounding environment through the use of the LiDAR sensors.

The research with MIT employs algorithms that help the car predict where moving
vehicles and pedestrians will be.

If successful, the mapping will enable the car to plan a path that will safely
avoid pedestrians, bicycles and other vehicles.

"To deliver on our vision for the future of mobility, we need to work with many
new partners across the public and private sectors, and we need to start today,"
said Paul Mascarenas, Ford's chief technical officer.

Last month, Ford said it was working with the University of Michigan and State
Farm Insurance to develop an autonomous Ford Fusion hybrid test car.

Though rapid, the evolution will move in stages, Ford said. Its current vehicles
can self-park, self-drive in slow-moving traffic and redirect drivers around
heavy traffic. The second step will see vehicles communicate with one another,
enabling them to wirelessly link up and travel together to ease congestion.

The third and final step, according to Ford, will be fully autonomous vehicles.

In the meantime, state and federal legislation will need to catch up. Currently,
only California, Michigan, Nevada and Florida allow the testing of self-driving
cars.

Many automakers expect to bring self-driving technology to the road by 2020.

--

jerry.hirsch@latimes.com

Twitter @latimesjerry

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: FORD previously announced a partnership to develop an autonomous
Ford Fusion hybrid test car.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Ford Motor Co.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               18 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           January 22, 2014 Wednesday
                                  Home Edition

10 of 11 subcompacts fail crash test;
Only Chevrolet Spark earns an 'acceptable' grade in insurance institute's new
test.

BYLINE: Jerry Hirsch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 824 words


Ten of the 11 economy cars crash-tested by the leading insurance industry group
failed a new safety standard for front-end collisions.

Only the Chevrolet Spark earned an "acceptable" grade on the test, in which 25%
of the front end, on the driver's side, strikes a 5-foot-tall barrier at 40 mph.

The Honda Fit, Fiat 500, Hyundai Accent, Nissan Versa, Toyota Prius C and
Mitsubishi Mirage all received "poor" grades, according to the Insurance
Institute for Highway Safety. The Mazda 2, Kia Rio, Toyota Yaris and Ford Fiesta
earned "marginal" scores.

None of these subcompacts earned a "good" mark.

The vehicles were the worst-performing group of any evaluated so far by the
institute, which spends about $3 million a year crashing cars and evaluating the
results for the insurance industry. The tests are important because they play
into safety ratings, car reviews and consumer perceptions, said Karl Brauer, an
analyst with auto information company Kelley Blue Book.

Consumer Reports, for instance, dumped some its favorite vehicles -- including
Toyota's Camry, RAV4 and Prius V -- from its list of recommended cars last year
because the vehicles scored poorly in the test. The influential magazine put the
Camry back on its recommended list in December after Toyota modified the car's
structure to earn an "acceptable" rating.

"Crash tests are one of those things that a dedicated minority of buyers look
at," Brauer said. "They won't even consider a car unless they are sure the
crash-test scores are good."

Toyota has typically scored poorer than companies such as Honda and Volvo in the
tests, Brauer said.

"We are looking at a range of solutions to achieve greater crash performance in
this area," Toyota spokesman Michael Kroll said. "This is a more-stringent test,
and we will adapt. In fact, we moved very quickly with Camry to make changes
that resulted in an improved score."

The insurance group established the "small overlap front crash test" because
front-corner collisions can be particularly severe.

The institute said the test is more difficult than the head-on crashes conducted
by the government, or even other assessments by the institute, because most of
the vehicle's front-end crush zone is bypassed and the passenger compartment can
collapse, the group said.

"Small, lightweight vehicles have an inherent safety disadvantage. That's why
it's even more important to choose one with the best occupant protection," says
Joe Nolan, the institute's senior vice president for vehicle research.
"Unfortunately, as a group, mini-cars aren't performing as well as other vehicle
categories in the small overlap crash."

The results were mostly good news for Chevrolet. The Spark's acceptable rating
in the test -- along with good ratings in the group's four other
crash-worthiness evaluations -- earned it a Top Safety Pick award, the
institute's second-highest rating.

But the institute still warned that the Spark's vehicle structure came apart in
the crash.

"When a vehicle's structure doesn't hold up, injury risk is high," the institute
said in its report. "Consumers should remember that the Spark, while offering
more small overlap protection than other minicars, weighs less than 2,500 pounds
and doesn't protect as well as a larger and heavier vehicle with a comparable
rating."

The crash-test results can't be compared across weight classes of vehicles.

The tests revealed all sorts of dangers in the subcompacts.

In seven of the cars, either the safety belt didn't do a good enough job holding
the dummy in place, or the dummy's head missed or slid off the front air bag.

The side curtain air bag didn't protect the dummy in eight of the cars and
didn't deploy at all in the Toyota Yaris.

The two worst performers were the Honda Fit and the Fiat 500. The dummy's head
in the Fit crash slid by an air bag and hit the instrument panel. The driver
door opened after the hinges tore in the Fiat 500 test.

The Fit -- to be replaced by a redesigned model this spring -- is an exception
for Honda, which typically scores high in these tests. Honda's small Civic
sedan, for example, was the only compact car to earn the top rating when that
vehicle segment was crash-tested.

Honda expects the new Fit will earn the top rating in the institute's crash
tests, spokesman Chris Martin said.

The automaker is using more high-strength steel in the new model and has
redesigned its front structure to better capture and direct the crash energy to
improve passenger protection, Martin said.

The institute regularly tests cars and issues ratings as part of its research
into automobile safety for the insurance industry.

The tests have pushed automakers to make improvements in their cars to win
better ratings.

The trade group first started publishing data on these kinds of crashes in 2009
and incorporated it into its ratings in 2012. It has previously tested mid-size
luxury cars, mid-size cars and small SUVs.

--

jerry.hirsch@latimes.com

twitter.com/latimesjerry

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: THE TOYOTA PRIUS C was among six cars that received "poor"
grades in tests in which 25% of the front end, on the driver's side, hits a
rigid barrier at 40 mph.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Insurance Institute for Highway Safety
PHOTO: THE CHEVROLET SPARK passed the new crash test, but the Insurance
Institute for Highway Safety warned that its structure came apart in the crash.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Insurance Institute for Highway Safety

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               19 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            January 21, 2014 Tuesday
                                  Home Edition

Feet first in Pasadena;
City considers narrowing parts of a famed thoroughfare

BYLINE: Hailey Branson-Potts

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; Metro Desk; Part A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1104 words


From the very beginning, Colorado Boulevard was all about the car.

Pasadena residents so loved their Ford Model Ts that in 1915 the city was said
to have the highest rate of automobile ownership in the world. Colorado was a
leg in the famed Route 66 and evolved along with the car culture, with roadside
businesses giving way to bigger department stores and eventually to shopping
centers.

But these days, officials want to tame the famed street.

Pasadena is considering plans to narrow portions of Colorado by as much as two
lanes and use that space to widen sidewalks and create tiny parks with seating
and greenery. The proposal has generated wide support among some city leaders
and is expected to go before the City Council soon.

To the west in Eagle Rock, officials have removed two lanes of traffic and used
the space for three miles of bicycle lanes and new crosswalks and are discussing
the addition of parklets, landscaped traffic medians and sidewalk extensions.

The effort to put Colorado on what some planners call a street "diet" reflects a
transformation that began a decade ago. Once largely a retail strip, the
boulevard, especially in Pasadena, has seen an influx of apartment and
condominium complexes, with more than 1,000 residential units added along
Colorado since 2003 and an additional 2,000 within three blocks.

And more is on the way, including several hotels. A 175-room hotel has been
proposed for the site of the empty Macy's at the Paseo Colorado and 500 hotel
rooms on two sites previously used as a Ford dealership at Colorado and Hill
Avenue. Also in the works is a $75-million to $100-million renovation of the
155-room, 1920s-era Constance Hotel at Colorado and Mentor Avenue.

City leaders say that with this development, Colorado needs to better balance
the car and the pedestrian.

"Pasadena is pursuing a broader concept of what streets are about," said Mayor
Bill Bogaard. "They're not simply for moving cars as fast as you can. Streets
are corridors of society and community."

Colorado is one of a growing number of busy boulevards across Southern
California and the country that are being reevaluated as cities try to become
more pedestrian- and bike-friendly.

In downtown L.A., city officials put Spring Street on a road diet in 2011,
taking away two lanes of traffic to create a bicycle-only route. Several weeks
ago, they added buffered bike lanes through the 2nd Street tunnel, prompting
concerns about more rush-hour traffic tie-ups for cars. In Long Beach, officials
are considering a diet for Broadway.

For major thoroughfares like Colorado, this can be tricky because they carry so
many cars (in Colorado's case in Pasadena, about 20,000 a day).

Urban planners argue that widening sidewalks, beefing up mass transit and
slowing down car traffic can actually boost business because it gets more
shoppers walking streets. But the view in Pasadena is mixed, with some residents
worried that narrowing Colorado will bring gridlock.

"I don't think it's a good idea," said longtime resident Kim Moore, 50, who was
walking along the boulevard with her husband on a recent afternoon to do some
shopping. "If anything, they need to add a lane in each direction," she said,
because the street is already busy with traffic and it is difficult to find
parking.

But some of Colorado's newer residents like the idea. Greg Gunther and his wife
moved into one of the newly built luxury apartments just off the boulevard a few
years ago. They found themselves walking so much to local bookstores, shops and
movie theaters that they recently got rid of one of their two cars.

Gunther recently received a letter from his auto insurance company, he said,
asking him to prove how many miles he drove because it seemed too few for an
urban area.

"It's a wonderful change in lifestyle," Gunther said of walking more. "I came to
really value the way I relate to the physical space. When you're in the car and
you're driving, you're relating to the automobile and you're in a cocoon. Now,
all of a sudden, I'm much more aware of shops and the chance encounters I have
with people. ... You find yourself picking up trash on the street because you
care."

Nowhere is the chance to remake Colorado in Pasadena more pronounced than in the
once-sleepy Playhouse District east of Old Pasadena.

Two decades ago, the district was dotted by empty storefronts, said Michael
Moreno, who opened his Zona Rosa Caffe in 1993 near the intersection of Colorado
and El Molino Avenue.

"It was totally empty when I moved in," Moreno said. "At night, it was not safe.
No one would come here.... Now, the vibe is totally different. There are places
for people to go. They feel more secure."

Beginning in the early 2000s, the area began seeing a development boom. Mid-rise
apartment and condo complexes began replacing some of the retail buildings. The
new residents brought new life to the district, and that has brought new
businesses, officials said.

Erlinda Romo, executive director of the nonprofit Playhouse District Assn., said
there has been a noticeable increase in pedestrians in the area.

There are often lines of people, she said, outside the restaurants built in
recent years along Colorado, including Tender Greens, Roy's Hawaiian Fusion and
Urth Caffe, which opened in August. There are proposals for a mixed-use building
with a medical office, and three apartment complexes in the district will be
under construction this year, she said.

"There's a new vibrancy in the district," Romo said. "There is increased foot
traffic, and it brings energy to the street."

Romo and others say the time is right to narrow the boulevard and add more
public spaces for pedestrians, including small areas with seating and plants.

Current proposals the Playhouse District Assn. is discussing with city officials
call for six to eight privately funded parklets to be built between Los Robles
and Hudson avenues.

The parklets would provide small pockets of grass and trees along the boulevard,
probably with seating for pedestrians. The parklets would be removable to
accommodate  the Rose Parade.

Under the plan, parking would be converted from parallel to angled, increasing
the number of total spaces by about five per block, Romo said. The new
streetscape would require reducing Colorado by one lane in each direction.

"Colorado's role has changed over the years," said Fred Dock, the city's
transportation director. "At one point, it was a primary highway. As time has
gone on, that traffic is now on the freeways, and Colorado is a local street ...
and there is the recognition that the street has different functions."

--

hailey.branson@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: A WORKER walks past an old furniture store that was being
demolished at El Molino Avenue and Colorado Boulevard in the city's once-sleepy
Playhouse District east of Old Town, which has seen a development boom since the
early 2000s.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Mel Melcon Los Angeles Times PHOTO: A PEDESTRIAN
makes her way across Colorado Boulevard. The thoroughfare was a leg in the famed
Route 66 and evolved along with the car culture.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Liz O. Baylen Los
Angeles Times PHOTO: PATRONS LEAVE a coffeehouse on Colorado. The city is
seeking a better car/pedestrian balance.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Mel Melcon Los Angeles
Times PHOTO: PEDESTRIANS CROSS at the busy intersection of Colorado Boulevard
and Raymond Avenue in Pasadena. "Pasadena is pursuing a broader concept of what
streets are about," said Mayor Bill Bogaard.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Mel Melcon Los
Angeles Times GRAPHIC: Trimming down Colorado Boulevard (MAP: Pasadena)  CREDIT:
Lorena Iniguez Elebee Los Angeles Times

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Infographic

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               20 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday
                                  Home Edition

Same spy, new guy;
Chris Pine, the fourth lead actor to play CIA hero Jack Ryan, crafted his own
version of the super-patriot in 'Shadow Recruit'

BYLINE: Chris Lee

SECTION: CALENDAR; Entertainment Desk; Part D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1144 words


Chris Pine was well aware of his action-hero options.

Accepting the lead role in "Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit" -- the $60-million
thriller that hits theaters Friday -- the actor became the fourth man to portray
novelist Tom Clancy's iconic CIA super-spy character over the course of a
five-film franchise that has spanned nearly a quarter of a century and generated
more than $787 million at the box office.

As such, Pine's performance could have payed implicit homage to those who came
before him. He might have channeled the brisk efficiency of Alec Baldwin's
submarine-bound Ryan in "The Hunt for Red October," Harrison Ford's reluctant
(and frequently grimacing) hero in "Clear and Present Danger" and "Patriot
Games," or Ben Affleck's rookie Langley dispatch from "The Sum of All Fears."

Instead, in "Shadow Recruit," the first film in the franchise not to be directly
adapted from one of Clancy's potboiler novels, Pine seized on the character's
academic pedigree and Wall Street earning potential -- which he shelves to serve
his country, enlisting in the Marine Corps after the 9/11 attacks -- to conjure
an altogether different kind of patriot-hero.

"He's an American capitalist who was getting his PhD at the London School of
Economics and was probably going to make a fortune in the private sector," Pine
noted. "In a moment, he chose to do away with all that and do something entirely
different. That spoke to me."

And it reminded Pine of another American hero: "Look at Pat Tillman, who gave up
a huge football contract -- what many people would characterize as the American
dream -- to fight in Afghanistan after 9/11. I talked about him all the time."

Not just any Hollywood hunk would have done that kind of moral calculus in
pursuit of portraying an international man of intrigue in a splashy action
movie. Or would have bothered trying to update the psychological profile of
American spy fiction's foremost Cold Warrior for a new generation raised on
WikiLeaks and NSA spying revelations. But then, Pine is not just any Hollywood
hunk.

Now, after inhabiting the iconic role of Captain Kirk in two blockbuster
installments of J.J. Abrams' "Star Trek" reboot, Pine, 33, is balancing two
studio franchises. With furrowed brow, and exuding a kind of unbearable
heaviness of being fundamentally at odds with his lot as a marquee movie star,
he acknowledged the push-pull of his enviable status.

'Never wanted this'

"I get tired of myself talking about how reluctant I am to take on roles like
this," Pine said, seated in a roof-top pool cabana at a Beverly Hills hotel. "It
must sound like, 'Boo-hoo, poor actor.' That being said, I never had any clarity
about this path. By which I mean, I never wanted this, never strove for it
consciously. So to be here sometimes feels like some kind of bizarre cosmic
accident. Like, where? Why? How?"

"Shadow Recruit" provides a kind of creation myth for the character, detailing
Ryan's conscription as a CIA analyst-turned-operative (under the tutelage of a
veteran agency handler, played by Kevin Costner) leading up to the first major
test of Ryan's mettle. After uncovering evidence of an impending terrorist
attack, the agent travels to Moscow, where he must face off against a mysterious
Russian oligarch (Kenneth Branagh) with plans to cripple the American economy.

Branagh, the Irish-born filmmaker-actor whose resume is littered with
adaptations of Shakespeare plays in which he has both performed and directed,
also directed "Shadow Recruit." And the multiple-Oscar nominee says refocusing
the franchise around his leading man was a priority.

"In the classical world, I never do 'Hamlet' unless I have the Hamlet. The
personality of the actor is so key," Branagh said. "I did this because I wanted
to build Jack Ryan around Chris Pine. To reinvigorate the whole thing, you
needed somebody who was going to feel ownership of the role."

Not that Pine made it easy for him. By his own admission, the actor had
"argument upon argument upon discussion upon conversation upon debate" with
Branagh, trying to find the "center point" of his character, who is dismissively
described in "Clear and Present Danger" as a "boy scout."

Specifically, Pine got hung up on a plot point where Ryan withholds the fact
that he's a CIA agent from his fiancee, played by Keira Knightley.

" 'I couldn't tell you I was in the CIA because I gave a man my word' -- I told
Ken so many times, 'Doesn't that sound dumb?' " recalled Pine, who tends to
avoid viewing the world in terms of absolutes. "If you were in the CIA, you'd be
like, 'Listen babe, I'm not coming home because I'm an analyst.' And he said,
'That's the great thing about Jack Ryan.' This old-fashioned Norman Rockwell
quality, this integrity. He's just such a good guy!"

To hear it from Mace Neufeld, the 85-year-old producer behind all the Jack Ryan
movies dating to 1990's "Hunt for Red October," Pine's casting was something of
a no-brainer.

"He's about the right age and he's an extremely attractive young man," Neufeld
said. "I saw him in 'Star Trek' and was extremely blown away. Then I happened to
see him on stage. I saw him do 'Farragut North' and then I saw him do a very
bloody show called The Lieutenant of Inishmore,' which he did with an Irish
brogue. Then I found out that his mother and father were working actors. I said,
'This is the guy. He knows how to act. And he's serious about acting.' "

Uncertain future

Pine is a third-generation actor whose father famously portrayed Sgt. Getraer on
the '70s TV police procedural "CHiPs"; he grew up in Los Angeles, attending
private school in the San Fernando Valley.

But even with all the institutional goodwill toward Pine -- he earned a reported
$4-million payday for "Shadow Recruit" with back-end profit participation built
into his contract, which extends to at least two more sequels -- the future of
the franchise is far from certain.

According to pre-release audience awareness surveys, "Shadow Recruit" is on
track to earn a lackluster $20 million over its opening four days in theaters,
coming in a distant second to "Ride Along," an urban comedy starring Ice Cube
and Kevin Hart.

In Los Angeles these days to film the raunch comedy "Horrible Bosses 2," having
recently wrapped a small part in director Rob Marshall's star-studded adaptation
of the musical "Into the Woods" in London, and with a third "Star Trek"
installment already in the works, however, Pine shows no sign of falling off the
A-list anytime soon.

And in describing his secret agent character's hesitant conversion from
introspection to action, the actor may as well have been talking about his
self-acceptance as a movie star.

"His journey is coming to terms with the kind of fateful responsibility it is to
serve on the front lines," Pine said. "He better get comfortable with it because
that's where he is."

--

chris.lee@latimes.com

Twitter: @__chrislee

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: CHRIS PINE looked to Pat Tillman, who died in Afghanistan after
shunning an NFL career, as a model for heroic self-sacrifice.  PHOTOGRAPHER: Jay
L. Clendenin Los Angeles Times PHOTO: JACK RYAN, played by Chris Pine, travels
to Moscow to save America's economy in "Shadow Recruit."  PHOTOGRAPHER:Anatoliy
Vorobev Paramount Pictures PHOTO: AS WELL as playing Jack Ryan, Chris Pine has
starred as Captain James T. Kirk, left, in two "Star Trek" films with Zachary
Quinto as Spock.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Zade Rosenthal Paramount Pictures

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Profile

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               21 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           January 15, 2014 Wednesday
                                  Home Edition

DETROIT AUTO SHOW;
Showcasing a lust for power;
Speed, strength and luxury take center stage in major debuts.

BYLINE: David Undercoffler, Jerry Hirsch, Brian Thevenot

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1207 words


Fast cars and tough trucks took center stage over two days of model debuts at
the Detroit Auto Show.

Luxury vehicles also made their presence known, most notably the larger Mercedes
C-Class and the Hyundai Genesis, which held the line on a base price below
$40,000, despite substantial upgrades.

The biggest news came from Ford Motor Co., which pulled the tarp off a new
F-series truck. The pickup has been the nation's bestselling vehicle for more
than three decades. Ford aims to keep it that way with an all-new aluminum
frame, which loses 700 pounds in the interest of fuel economy. General Motors --
never one to allow Ford to hog the truck spotlight -- released its latest
mid-size truck offering, the GMC Canyon.

Efficiency may be all the rage these days, but automakers and consumers haven't
lost their lust for power, as was underscored by half a dozen debuts of
performance cars this week. The Corvette Z06 -- an extreme take on the
redesigned 2014 Stingray -- weighed in with "at least" 625 horsepower, according
to General Motors. (That's enough to power nearly five Toyota Corollas.)

Other notable performance cars came from Subaru, with its WRX STI; Lexus, with
the RC F Coupe; BMW's M3 sedan and M4 coupe; and Toyota's FT-1 concept car, a
Supra-like design study the automaker says signals the styling direction across
its lineup.

Here's a rundown of highlights from the show.

Toyota FT-1 Concept

Calling it a "spiritual pace car" for Toyota's future, the automaker released
the FT-1 concept sports car, drawing on a rich history of performance.

Designed by Toyota's California-based Calty Design Research arm, the FT-1
("Future Toyota") hints at a production sports car. But it also teases design
cues that may land on a wide range of Toyotas.

The brand's performance history includes notable efforts such as the 2000GT, the
MR2 and the Supra. But there's been a conspicuous sports-car-shaped hole in
Toyota's lineup since it discontinued the Supra in the U.S. in 1998.

Enter the FT-1. Despite being a concept, the car looks nearly ready for
production. Its proportions are classic sports car: long hood, short overhangs,
a deeply scalloped side vent ahead of the rear wheels. No engine specifics were
announced, but Toyota made it clear that the car would honor the traditional
sports-car layout of front engine, rear-wheel drive with "a high-technology,
high-performance internal combustion engine."

Lexus RC F Coupe

Lexus, Toyota's luxury division, released the RC F Coupe -- with "more than" 450
horses and 383 pound-feet of torque.

Yet driving the F is child's play, assures Yukihiko Yaguchi, chief engineer.
"There's a misconception that racing cars are hard to drive," he said. "In fact,
they're easy in the right hands, because they've been purpose-built for the
skill level of their drivers."

The RC F will come with a torque-vectoring rear differential, which allows the
car to vary the amount of torque at each rear wheel at the same time. This aids
in cornering and grip when driving the car as intended. An independent rear
suspension helps the cause, as does an active rear spoiler that deploys above 50
mph.

The RC F's 5.0-liter V-8 directs its power to those rear wheels via an
eight-speed automatic transmission with the requisite paddle shifters. The base
RC coupes and the new F variant will hit the market later in 2014. No pricing
has been announced.

GMC Canyon

Continuing to diversify its truck portfolio, General Motors showed off the
second of its smaller trucks, the GMC Canyon. GM is convinced that America's
love affair with pickup trucks is enduring. But consumers also want smaller
vehicles that provide the same utility with less fuel.

GM is targeting the truck directly at the Toyota Tacoma and Nissan Frontier.
Together, those trucks sell about 225,000 units a year. But they are aging
vehicles, needing redesigns and lacking the refinement GM boasts the Canyon will
feature.

The Canyon offers two engine choices: a 2.5-liter four-cylinder that will
produce 193 horsepower and a larger 3.6-liter six-cylinder that will provide 302
horsepower. The towing capacity on the truck with the larger engine will reach
6,700 pounds. It will be able to carry a payload of 1,450 pounds. Four-wheel
drive is available. GM plans to offer a 2.8-liter turbo-diesel engine two years
from now.

GM has yet to release price information or fuel economy numbers, but the
automaker did say it believes that the Canyon will get better mileage than the
Toyota and Nissan trucks.

Subaru WRX STI

An econobox sedan isn't the traditional platform for an automaker's
white-knuckle car. That's just fine with Subaru, which tends to do things its
own way.

The Japanese brand unveiled a redesigned WRX STI for 2015, a barely recognizable
version of the Impreza. Power on the STI remains unchanged from the previous
STI, with a tidy 2.5-liter four-cylinder turbocharged engine making 305
horsepower and 290 pound-feet of torque. A six-speed manual transmission remains
the only way to change gears. But expect big changes to the STI's handling,
thanks to a stiffer chassis and a new torque-vectoring system. All-wheel drive,
a Subaru hallmark, is standard.

Aesthetically, the STI sets itself apart from lesser models with a more
aggressive front and rear bumper, a new hood with a microwave-sized air scoop,
quad exhaust pipes, LED taillights and, of course, the large boy-racer rear
spoiler.

Hyundai Genesis

Looking to take a bigger bite out of the luxury market, Hyundai introduced the
second generation of its upscale Genesis sedan.

Hyundai is pitching the car as a value play, with a bigger interior and more
amenities at a lower price than competitors such as the BMW 5-Series, Cadillac
CTS and Mercedes-Benz E-Class.

The car will be built on an entirely new platform that won't share components
with the previous model. Hyundai will offer two engine choices. For the
power-hungry there will be a 5.0-liter V-8 engine that produces 420 horsepower
and 383 pound-feet of torque. The base model will come with a 3.8-liter
six-cylinder that produces 311 horsepower and 293 pound-feet of torque at 5,000
rpm. It also will run on regular-grade fuel. Both engines will be mated to an
eight-speed automatic transmission.

Cadillac ATS Coupe

Cadillac has quietly become America's fastest-growing luxury brand, with a range
of new sports sedans to compete with the usual German suspects. General Motors
added to that lineup Tuesday with the debut of the 2015 ATS coupe.

The compact coupe is a first for General Motors' luxury division and will
compete with the likes of BMW's 4-Series, along with the Mercedes-Benz C-Class
coupe, the Audi A5, the all-new Lexus RC Coupe and the Infiniti Q60.

Mechanically, the ATS Coupe is nearly identical to the sedan. The base engine
will be a 2.0-liter turbocharged four-cylinder that matches the sedan's 272
horsepower but bumps torque up to 295 pound-feet from 260 pound-feet. Cadillac
will also have a 3.6-liter six-cylinder that produces 321 horsepower and 275
pound-feet of torque.

Like all good sport compacts, the Coupe will have a 50-50 weight distribution,
ensuring that the strong driving dynamics from the sedan carry over into this
model.

--

david.undercoffler@latimes.com

jerry.hirsch@latimes.com

brian.thevenot@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: TOYOTA'S FT-1 CONCEPT hints at a production sports car. But it
also teases design cues that may land on a wide range of Toyota vehicles.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Daniel Acker Bloomberg PHOTO: LEXUS GROUP Vice President Jeff
Bracken reveals the new Lexus RC F Coupe. The base RC coupes and the new F
variant will hit the market later in 2014.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Carlos Osorio
Associated Press PHOTO: THE 2015 GMC CANYON offers two engine choices: a
four-cylinder that will produce 193 horsepower and a six-cylinder that will
provide 302 horsepower.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Romain Blanquart Detroit Free
Press/McClatchy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               22 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            January 14, 2014 Tuesday
                                  Home Edition

DETROIT AUTO SHOW;
Honda hopes for a great Fit

BYLINE: Jerry Hirsch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 498 words


Honda Motor Co. hopes the redesigned Fit hatchback it introduced Monday at the
Detroit auto show will finally match the sales of its more popular subcompact
car rivals.

The Fit gets rave reviews, yet its sales trail competitors' by a significant
margin. Honda sold about 52,000 Fits last year, while Nissan Motor Co. sold
117,000 Versas. Chevrolet sold almost 86,000 Sonics while Ford Motor Co. sold
more than 71,000 Fiestas.

That's unusual for Honda, whose Accord, Civic and CR-V each crossed the 300,000
sales mark last year, making them among the bestselling cars nationally.

"Honda finds itself in an interesting position with the new Fit," said Alec
Gutierrez, an analyst at car price information company Kelley Blue Book. "At one
time, that subcompact segment was owned by Honda with the Fit."

A higher sticker price than its rivals' is one of the problems Honda has
wrestled with, said Jake Fisher, automotive test director for Consumer Reports.

The cost of the current Fit "is not that different from what you can get a small
sedan for, and to a lot of people the sedan feels more substantial," Fisher
said. "Americans are hatchback averse."

Honda hasn't talked about the price of the new Fit, but does acknowledged that
it has worked to lower its production expenses by shifting manufacturing of the
model from high-cost Japan to a North American factory, an all-new plant in
Celaya, Mexico.

This third-generation Fit will have a new platform -- one that Honda will also
use to build a tiny crossover -- and a new engine. The direct-injected 1.5-liter
four-banger will generate 128 horsepower and 114 pound-feet of torque.

It will come with a choice of a six-speed manual transmission or a continuously
variable transmission, or CVT. Honda has moved to CVTs in the four-cylinder
Accord and some Civic models to improve fuel economy. The Fit will be almost two
inches shorter but slightly wider than the current model. The wheelbase is 1.2
inches longer, a configuration Honda said will provide improved handling and
maneuverability.

The car will have fuel economy ratings of 33 mpg for city driving, 41 on the
highway and 36 combined, according to Environmental Protection Agency estimates.

The automaker is still pondering future engine choices for the Fit. Honda
already sells a hybrid version in Japan. It also has several other engines that
might work with the car's architecture, including a 1.0-liter turbocharged
three-cylinder and a 2.0-liter turbocharged four-cylinder that can put out 280
horsepower.

No matter the improvements in both cost and the car, Honda has a challenge in
selling small cars amid changing demographics in the U.S. market, said Brian
Johnson, an analyst with Barclays Capital.

"The average age of the car buyer is getting older," Johnson said. "Younger
consumers who would be the buyers appear to be less likely to buy cars than in
the past, and that's putting pressure on what already is a crowded small-car
market."

--

jerry.hirsch@latimes.com

Twitter @latimesjerry

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: SALES OF the Fit have lagged behind those of rivals such as the
Nissan Versa. Honda hopes the redesign unveiled at the Detroit auto show, above,
changes that.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Bill Pugliano Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               23 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            January 14, 2014 Tuesday
                                  Home Edition

DETROIT AUTO SHOW;
Ford bets heavily on light aluminum;
It overhauls the F-150 with an eye on strength, fuel economy

BYLINE: Jerry Hirsch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1422 words

DATELINE:  DETROIT


While designing the next-generation F-150 truck, Ford Motor Co. secretly
substituted the steel body on some of its current pickups with an aluminum shell
and delivered them to business customers.

The automaker was looking to test how lightweight aluminum alloys would hold up
on the job. So it lent out the trucks in a test program -- for use by a gold
mine, an energy utility and a construction firm -- without telling the companies
what was being tested. What Ford learned from 300,000 total miles persuaded the
world's biggest seller of full-size pickups to make wholesale changes in the
F-Series.

The 2015 model truck, introduced Monday at the North American International Auto
Show in Detroit, weighs 700 pounds less than the old one. Aluminum alloys will
make up the engine compartment and almost every visible metal part of the new
truck -- the doors, the hood, the side panels, the truck bed, the tailgate.

Creating the first major truck to embrace lightweight materials represents a big
gamble for Ford, said Brian Johnson, an analyst with Barclays Capital, who
estimates Ford earns about $11,000 on a pickup truck sale compared with $5,000
on a car. The F-Series trucks account for nearly half of Ford's North American
profits, he said, and the company can't afford a misfire.

"It is the single most important product from Ford," said Johnson.

With its secret test, Ford kept customers in the dark about the aluminum so they
would use the trucks just as they would any steel-bodied pickup, said Pete
Reyes, the chief engineer for the F-150.

Ford eventually took some of the trucks back and tore them apart, looking to see
how they withstood the rigors of the rugged work sites. It then made some
changes, such as making the inner surface of the tailgate thicker for extra
protection. The companies that used the trucks will now learn they were
aluminum, Reyes said.

Ford introduced the first F-Series truck, the F-1, in 1948. It was one of the
first commercial vehicles produced after World War II. Chevrolet was the top
seller of pickups at the time. Ford believed a vehicle with a bigger, more
comfortable cab could be used for small businesses and farm work but double as
an everyday driver.

The formula worked. The F-Series became the nation's bestselling truck in 1977.
It became the nation's bestselling vehicle of any type in 1982 and has retained
the title since. Ford has sold 33 million F-Series trucks since 1948, and at
least 11 million are still on the road, the company said.

Last year, the automaker sold 763,000 trucks in the U.S. That's more sales than
many major brands generate from their entire vehicle lineups, including Dodge,
Hyundai, GMC, Jeep and Kia.

The goal for the next truck, said Doug Scott, Ford's truck marketing manager,
was to create a truck as strong as the previous version but with greater fuel
economy and towing and cargo capacity. The new pickups are to go on sale near
year's end.

"Our big challenge was, how do you advance the bestselling truck ever?" Scott
said. "We have to do it with no compromises."

The switch to aluminum has its complications. Already there are reports of
manufacturing delays. The material is more complicated to stamp and weld than
steel, requiring higher heat and more electricity. That possibly contributed to
Ford's weak 2014 profit outlook, which has spooked the stock market, said Adam
Jonas, a Morgan Stanley analyst.

General Motors Co. and Chrysler Group, Ford's closest truck competitors, are
still singing the praises of steel.

"We use aluminum on the hoods and certain engine blocks and in all the
appropriate places," said Roger McCormack, director of Buick/GMC marketing at
GM. "There are a lot of advantages of high-strength steel -- great structural
integrity."

And Ford customers such as Jamie Sailor of Chatsworth might need some
convincing.

A professional horse trainer, the 22-year-old needs a rugged vehicle to
transport animals during the week and haul her dirt bike to the desert on
weekends. Having once blown an engine on a Ford truck hauling a too-heavy load
up a hill, Sailor pays close attention to durability and toughness.

"Aluminum is a strong metal, but not as strong as steel," said Sailor, who owns
a 2012 F-250.

Such consumers present a marketing challenge for the automaker, said Stephanie
Brinley, an analyst at IHS Automotive.

"Ford will have to do a good job of telling its story, all the way down to
training the salespeople at the dealerships," Brinley said,

That story will start with the term "military-grade aluminum" in Ford
advertising. It has no specific technical meaning; it's just a way for Ford to
tie the truck to war machines made with the same stuff.

"We are using the same alloys that are used in the Hummer and the Bradley
fighting vehicle," Scott said. "We have the same objective of strength and
durability."

He doesn't think the extensive use of aluminum will spook most Ford truck
owners, many of whom are familiar with the strength of the metal through its use
in ladders, toolboxes and other equipment.

Thilo Koslowski, an analyst at Gartner Inc., agreed.

"Consumers don't really care about what metal is being used to make a vehicle,"
he said. "What they care about is if it will leave them with more money in their
pocket, especially if they are using it for a business."

Aluminum isn't exactly a foreign material to the automobile industry.
Mercedes-Benz will make the body panels of its new C-Class sports sedan from the
metal. Tesla Motors Inc. makes extensive use of aluminum in its Model S, as does
Land Rover in its Range Rover SUV.

As the auto industry faces more stringent fuel economy standards, Koslowski
said, Ford had to make a transformational move with its new truck rather than
sitting back and implementing incremental changes, as seen in the recent
redesigns of the Ram and Chevrolet pickups. "I don't think they really have a
choice but to do something like this," he said.

Still, the new truck just isn't about aluminum. Ford increased the amount of
high-strength steel in the frame, to 77% from 23%, to give the vehicle rigidity
and improve its handling.

There are other changes too. The belt line of the new truck is lower than the
current version, a move that improves visibility for the driver -- a constant
truck owner complaint -- and makes it easier to lift items into and out of the
bed.

Other improvements include all-LED lighting on the outside of the truck;
dampening on the tailgate hinges that slow its descent; and spotlights on the
mirrors that can be targeted to light the truck's surroundings. New safety
features include a 360-degree viewpoint that can be displayed on the dashboard
monitor, a forward collision alert and a blind-spot monitor to make lane changes
easier.

The truck offers easier access to the second row of seats on the SuperCab model
via a rear door that opens 170 degrees toward the back of the truck. There's no
central pillar separating the front and back doors.

Ford also has added a second turbocharged engine to the F-150 lineup. This new
2.7-liter V-6 engine is from the same "EcoBoost" family as the turbocharged
four-cylinder that Ford recently dropped into its all-new Mustang and Lincoln's
MKC crossover. The engine probably will also see use in other large Ford and
Lincoln vehicles in the future. Ford has yet to release power figures or mileage
ratings for any of the engines in the new F-150.

Meanwhile, the 3.5-liter EcoBoost remains the top dog in the F-150 lineup. Power
will be similar to that of the outgoing model, which has 365 horsepower and 420
pound-feet of torque. Also available will be a base 3.5-liter V-6 engine and a
workhorse 5.0-liter V-8.

Ford also is including high-wattage power outlets in the cabin so that workers
can plug in power tools and recharge batteries.

With all these changes, Ford believes it has designed a modern truck that will
have the power, durability and amenities its customers demand, and be a step
ahead of its rivals in technology and fuel efficiency.

It all adds up to a big leap in truck design, said Golam Newaz, an automotive
engineering professor at Wayne State University in Detroit.

"There has been a lot of testing by Ford, but let's say that we find that these
aluminum vehicles are more difficult to repair or that the joints aren't as
durable," he said. "Or what if consumers just don't like it for some reason? We
really won't know until the vehicle has been in the market for some years."

--

jerry.hirsch@latimes.com

Twitter: @latimesjerry

Times staff writer David Undercoffler contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: THE REVAMPED F-150 has more high-strength steel in its frame,
all-LED lighting on the outside of the truck and other new features. The switch
to aluminum complicates manufacturing, however.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Kirk McKoy Los
Angeles Times PHOTO: NEW SAFETY FEATURES include a 360-degree viewpoint on the
dashboard monitor, a forward collision alert and a blind-spot monitor.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Kirk McKoy Los Angeles Times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               24 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            January 13, 2014 Monday
                                  Home Edition

GOLDEN GLOBES;
FASHION EDITOR;
Wild flashes of drama;
Perfectly dressed stars, stylish baby bumps, a Tom Ford question and '90s
throwbacks share the red carpet.

BYLINE: BOOTH MOORE

SECTION: CALENDAR; Entertainment Desk; Part D; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 454 words


There was a lot of va-va-voom red, metallic beige and anything-but-basic black
on the red carpet at the Golden Globes on Sunday night. And sure, Lupita
Nyong'o's dramatic Ralph Lauren red silk cape gown, Cate Blanchett's luxe black
lace Armani and Naomi Watts' white gold Tom Ford column looked perfect.

But what kind of fun is that?

Luckily, there were also plenty of fashion wild cards to heat up the night.

It looked like a ruffle was wearing Paula Patton. But no, it wasn't a dryer
sheet -- it was a dress by under-the-radar French fashion designer Stephane
Rolland. And it may have been the best thing to happen to an awards show since
Bjork laid an egg.

Jennifer Lawrence's ring of pouf by Dior was also odd. The Daily Mail likened it
to "a glam coffee filter," and I'd have to agree.

Julia Roberts' black strapless gown-and-white shirt combo by Dolce & Gabbana was
almost an antifashion choice. One critic said it made her look like a waitress,
but it reminded me of Sharon Stone's 1998 Oscar moment, when she paired a Gap
white button-down shirt with a Vera Wang ball skirt. Maybe Roberts is onto
something. The '90s, after all, are back in big way.

Then there was the controversy over Hayden Panettiere's black-and-white Ford
gown. She told E! Entertainment TV she had been "begging" for a dress by the
American designer. "I'd wear a plastic bag if it was designed by him." But
Ford's office did not dress the "Nashville" star. Could she have actually paid
retail for the style? I think that's pretty cool.

The red carpet was also the site of a battle of the well-dressed baby bumps.
Kerry Washington, who is expecting her first child later this year, enlisted
Balenciaga designer Alexander Wang to create a bonded silk crepe gown in pale
green with a flattering petal effect across the front. Meanwhile, Olivia Wilde,
who is expecting with fiance Jason Sudeikis, went to Gucci for her emerald-green
metallic embroidered silk georgette long-sleeve gown, which created a serpentine
effect. And Drew Barrymore, pregnant with her second child, wore a version of a
spring 2014 Monique Lhuillier runway look -- a short-sleeve dress with a
high-low hem and all-over organza floral embroidery. All the dresses were
terrific, but the sweet subtlety of Washington's won me over.

Zoe Saldana can always be counted on to rock an edgy look, but the collage-like
Prabal Gurung gown she was wearing had too much going on. I preferred Sandra
Bullock's Gurung gown, in a striking pink, purple and blue color block design
that reminded me of a beach umbrella -- in a good way.

My favorite out-of-the-box choice? Rashida Jones' white gown embroidered with
gold palm trees by Italian designer Fausto Puglisi. Pure paradise.

--

booth.moore@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: LUPITA NYONG'O, supporting actress nominee for "12 Years a
Slave," turned heads in her Ralph Lauren red silk cape gown.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Wally
Skalij Los Angeles Times PHOTO: HAYDEN PANETTIERE triumphs in Tom Ford. But did
she pay retail for it?  PHOTOGRAPHER:Wally Skalij Los Angeles Times PHOTO:
"GRAVITY'S" Sandra Bullock chose an out-of-this-world Prabal Gurung gown, in a
color block design.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Wally Skalij Los Angeles Times PHOTO: PAULA
PATTON made quite a statement with her gown by French designer Stephane Rolland.
After the Globes, he'll likely be under the radar no longer.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Kirk
McKoy Los Angeles Times PHOTO: JULIA ROBERTS' Dolce & Gabbana gown mixes office
with glam. How '90s.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Wally Skalij Los Angeles Times PHOTO: RASHIDA
JONES goes tropical in her dress by Italian designer Fausto Puglisi.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Wally Skalij Los Angeles Times PHOTO: AN EXPECTANT Kerry Washington
chose a silk gown by Alexander Wang.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Wally Skalij Los Angeles
Times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               25 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            January 10, 2014 Friday
                                  Home Edition

BUSINESS BRIEFING;
AUTOS;
Ford increases its dividend

BYLINE: Times Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 59 words


Ford Motor Co. is raising the quarterly dividend it pays shareholders for the
second time since restoring the payout in 2012.

The second-largest U.S. automaker said its board declared a first-quarter
dividend of 12.5 cents a share, a 25% increase from the previous 10-cent payout.

Ford stopped paying a dividend in 2006, a year in which it lost $12.6 billion.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               26 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           January 8, 2014 Wednesday
                                  Home Edition

At tech show: gadgets, pizza and beds;
Ford, Pizza Hut and Schwinn are among the nontraditional exhibitors this year.

BYLINE: Andrea Chang

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 980 words

DATELINE:  LAS VEGAS


You won't find Apple, Facebook or Microsoft exhibiting at CES -- at least not
officially -- but Pizza Hut, Ford and Schwinn are here.

The annual consumer electronics confab used to be the premier gathering place
for the world's largest technology names. But those companies are increasingly
sitting out or scaling back while a wave of non-tech brands are elbowing their
way in.

The hodgepodge of companies at this year's International CES and smaller side
events underscores the evolving nature of the convention, and of the tech
industry. Nowadays, with 65% of U.S. households owning smartphones, "everybody
becomes a tech company," said Shawn DuBravac, chief economist of the Consumer
Electronics Assn., which produces CES.

DuBravac said it's the most diverse mix of brands he has seen in his decade of
attending the convention, noting that nine out of the top 10 automakers are
exhibitors. Among the other unusual attendees: mattress makers, furniture
retailers, insurance providers and entertainment memorabilia vendors.

"These companies want to be at the show because they recognize that whether it's
in-vehicle or food orders or whatever it is, technology has moved up as a
priority for consumers," he said. "Brands are becoming more technologically
sophisticated, so it's natural for them to be at CES."

Pizza Hut turned heads with its booth at Pepcom's Digital Experience, a
technology showcase that occurs every year during CES.

"We're getting a lot of attention," said Caroline Masullo, Pizza Hut's director
of digital experience. "We have a lot of people coming up and saying, 'Really?
Pizza Hut?' " But it shouldn't be a surprise, Masullo said, noting that the
Plano, Texas, chain gets about 40% of its orders online, half of them from
mobile devices.

The fast-food restaurant chain -- with its booth in a crowded central location
amid companies displaying toy robots, game consoles and external hard drives --
was at the event to celebrate its 20th year of offering pizza ordering online.
Computer monitors showed what its website looked like two decades ago.

It was Pizza Hut's first time at CES, but Masullo hinted that the company might
make it a regular trip to stay on top of the latest technologies, including new,
more efficient ordering methods.

"If you're going to be a big e-commerce player, this is the place to be," she
said. "This is where all the companies are, and we need to be on the cutting
edge for our consumers' sake. So I think we should always have a presence."

Several companies said the line between tech and non-tech brands is becoming
blurred as mobile de- vices permeate consumers' lives and Internet connectivity
makes its way into everyday products.

As technology extends its reach, companies that weren't traditionally part of
the consumer electronics industry are looking to plug in.

So coming to CES, they said, was a smart business move.

In some cases they are developing tech-related products and are hoping to meet
developers or interested consumers who might help them shape their ideas; others
were already ready to reveal their innovations.

Bicycle manufacturer Schwinn attended the CES Unveiled preview event Sunday to
debut a smart bike navigator device that sits on a bicycle's handlebars.

United Healthcare, meanwhile, is occupying a 3,000-square-foot exhibitor booth
in the Las Vegas Convention Center to promote its online appointment booking
service and other digital initiatives.

On Wednesday, Domino's and Ford are scheduled to appear together to demonstrate
a new platform that will enable customers to place pizza orders from their car
using Domino's mobile app and the Ford Sync in-car connectivity system.

Discount giant Target sent teams of employees to CES to "keep a pulse on the
industry," meet with vendors and to improve its assortment of electronics, a
spokeswoman said.

For CES, the influx of new companies has reinvigorated the trade show, calming
speculation from the last few years that the weeklong convention was losing
steam.

All told, 3,200 exhibitors are at CES this year, covering more than 2 million
square feet of exhibit space -- the largest show floor in its history.

"CES is probably more relevant than ever," said Tim Bajarin, a technology
consultant at Creative Strategies who is attending the show for his 30th
consecutive year. "Ultimately, you're seeing more companies you would not
normally see here, but it's all related to the fact that they're buying into the
'Internet of Everything' trend. CES can clearly ride that trend for many more
years to go."

Although CES is shifting into a new era, the bulk of the show is still dominated
by tech brands.

As about 150,000 attendees descended upon the convention center and satellite
locations Tuesday for the first official day of CES, companies showed off a
dizzying array of products including ultra-high-definition curved televisions,
more advanced wearable technology and 3-D printers.

Tuesday's big event was a keynote address by Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa
Mayer, which drew throngs of attendees to the Las Vegas Hilton. Keynote speeches
are typically delivered by chief executives of gadget companies or computer
parts makers.

During her appearance, Mayer said Yahoo has 400 million monthly mobile users.

She also brought out several guests, including Katie Couric, who was recently
announced as the global anchor for Yahoo News; cast members from "Saturday Night
Live"; and John Legend.

Technology watchers and event organizers said they expected that in coming years
CES will continue to benefit from the inclusion of more varied companies.

"What's really great about CES is that there's a place for everybody," Consumer
Electronics Assn. spokeswoman Laura Hubbard said. "It's not just the people you
think about in the past."

--

andrea.chang@latimes.com

Twitter: @byandreachang

Times staff writers Chris O'Brien and Salvador Rodriguez contributed to this
report.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: PIZZA HUT made its debut at CES to celebrate its 20th
anniversary of online ordering. The company says it receives about 40% of its
orders online.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Andrea Chang Los Angeles Times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               27 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           January 8, 2014 Wednesday
                                  Home Edition

Mulally says he will stay at Ford

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 116 words

DATELINE:  DEARBORN, MICH.


Chief Executive Alan Mulally is staying at Ford Motor Co.

Mulally, who was rumored to be in the running to become Microsoft Corp.'s next
leader, said Tuesday that he won't leave the automaker before the end of 2014.

"I would like to end the Microsoft speculation because I have no other plans to
do anything other than serve Ford," he said.

When asked if this should end investors' concerns, Mulally said, "You don't have
to worry about me leaving."

Mulally said he will stick with his plan to stay at Ford through at least the
end of 2014. Ford announced that plan in November 2012. At the same time, it
promoted Mark Fields to chief operating officer, making Fields the likely
successor to Mulally.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Wire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               28 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                             January 5, 2014 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

WINTER TELEVISION PREVIEW;
'INTELLIGENCE';
'Lost' star finds way back to TV;
Josh Holloway plays an agent with a computer chip implanted in his brain in the
cyber-spy show

BYLINE: Jessica Gelt

SECTION: SUNDAY CALENDAR; Calendar Desk; Part D; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 745 words


Fans of the television series "Lost" are licking their lips in anticipation of a
new cyber-themed spy thriller called "Intelligence." The show, which premieres
on CBS on Tuesday, stars Josh Holloway, who stole hearts and won accolades for
his portrayal of the rakish con man James "Sawyer" Ford on "Lost."

"Lost" intrigued viewers with the ominous mysteries of a mythical island for six
seasons, and aired its controversial finale in 2010. After that, Holloway
strayed from television in favor of film, appearing in "Mission Impossible:
Ghost Protocol," "Paranoia" and "Battle of the Year." A fourth movie,
"Sabotage," with Arnold Schwarzenegger, will be released this spring.

"Intelligence," which was created by Michael Seitzman ("North Country"),
represents what fans hope will be Holloway's triumphant return to the small
screen.

He plays Gabriel Vaughn, an American cyber-crime intelligence operative with a
super-computer microchip implanted in his brain. This makes him the first human
to be connected to the worldwide information grid. He can hack into any computer
system and access almost any type of information to help the U.S. government
fight its enemies at home and abroad. It's a scenario that would make the
current flap over the U.S. government's penchant for spying on foreign
governments look downright quaint by comparison.

And although he isn't physically enhanced, Vaughn can also whoop some serious
butt.

"I've been doing martial arts all my life, and I grew up with three brothers and
James Bond," Holloway says on a recent sunny afternoon at Disney studios in
Burbank, where the show films. "We all wanted to be James Bond and we played spy
games our whole lives. So with this it was like, this is fun. It's like
Disneyland for dudes!"

Dressed in loose Army-green pants and a soft, cream-colored sweater, Holloway is
easygoing with a ready smile and laugh crinkles around his bright blue eyes. His
voice is low and steady, and he stretches his vowels with a slight Southern
drawl. Although he is 44, his mannerisms are boyish, and he becomes particularly
excitable when talking about stunt work.

There's lots of running and fighting and rolling over cars, most of which
Holloway does himself. He even broke his hand and kept right on fighting. The
hours are insane too -- sometimes 65 or 70 a week. That's a big difference from
"Lost," which had 14 cast members and many rotating story lines.

"I had a lot of time off, and I'm living on an island and fishing and I'm like,
'Oh, this is a great job playing Sawyer,' " the actor says of his "Lost"
experience. "But this show is no joke."

Also no joke are the moral issues that "Intelligence" raises about our new
high-tech era.

"I love the questions it's bringing up because they're questions we face every
day," Holloway says. "What's the relationship between our humanity and
technology? Do we need a gadget to communicate now? If you're a teenager, the
answer is 'yes.' It's changing the way we relate to the world and how patient or
impatient we are with information."

In the show's pilot, one of the characters opines that "technology isn't
revolution, it's evolution." And that's what "Intelligence" is getting at as it
turns the typical spy-crime procedural on its head, using neat digital tricks
that essentially endow Vaughn with a sixth sense. He can transport himself to
international crime scenes with his mind and examine the evidence with every
digital-imaging tool in the kit.

His costar is Meghan Ory, who plays Riley Neal, the Secret Service agent
assigned to protect Vaughn. Despite his mental enhancement, Vaughn is still very
much a human being. He is rash, unpredictable and prone to dangerous bouts of
pure instinct. Neal is analytical and by the book. Theirs is the classic oddball
partner paradigm.

There is also a cyber-enhanced foreign super-adversary in the mix, which makes
the whole thing feel very "Terminator 2."

Ironically, Holloway is the outdoorsy type and says modern technology is not his
bag.

"I think I've sent two emails and one said, 'Test,' " he says, smiling proudly.
"I don't tweet, I don't Facebook. I like my privacy, what little I have I try to
protect."

His brothers, all of whom have computer-based jobs, think his new role is a
riot.

"I'm like, 'Yeah, I have a super-computer in my head,' " Holloway says. "And
they're like, 'Yeah, that's the only damn way you would use a computer. And it's
probably more of a skull fracture than a chip.' "

--

jessica.gelt@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: HOLLOWAY and Meghan Ory are an oddball pair in the series: He's
rash, while she's analytical.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Chris Helcermanas-Benge CBS PHOTO:
"I LOVE THE QUESTIONS it's bringing up because they're questions we face every
day," Josh Holloway says of "Intelligence's" take on technology.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Brian van der Brug Los Angeles Times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               29 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            January 4, 2014 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

OBITUARIES;
WOJCIECH KILAR, 1932 - 2013;
Pianist and composer

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: LATEXTRA; Metro Desk; Part AA; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 507 words


Wojciech Kilar, a Polish pianist and composer of classical music and scores for
more than 130 films, including Roman Polanski's Oscar-winning "The Pianist" and
Francis Ford Coppola's "Bram Stoker's Dracula," died Sunday. He was 81.

The composer died in his hometown of Katowice, southern Poland, after a long
illness, according to Jerzy Kornowicz, head of the Assn. of Polish Composers.

A modest man who often avoided public attention, Kilar's main love was composing
symphonies and concertos. He drew inspiration from Polish folk music and
religious prayers and hymns, which he had learned in Latin as an altar boy.

But he was best known for film music and drew international attention with
Coppola's 1992 erotic horror movie.

Kilar's "Dracula" score was "ominous, frequently chilling, but always melodic
and, at times, yearningly romantic," wrote Anne Billson, a film critic for the
Telegraph in London. "It provided emotional depth ... and tingled the spine
where the rest of the film failed to do so."

In a 2007 interview with PLUS, a journal about Polish-American affairs, he
recalled asking Coppola what kind of music he was expecting and the director
replying: "I did my part. You are the composer. Do what you want."

In 1996, he wrote the score for director Jane Campion's film adaptation of the
Henry James novel, "The Portrait of a Lady."

Richly instrumented, his music is broad and heart-swelling, often making
repeated use of a simple melody. His trademark sounds involve basses and cellos.

Born July 17, 1932, in Lviv, a former Polish city now in Ukraine, Kilar was the
son of a doctor and an actress. The family eventually moved to Katowice, where
Kilar graduated from the State Music Academy in 1955.

After studying in Paris, he became one of Poland's leading composers in the
1960s. His best-known works from the time are "Riff62"; "Diphtongos," a
composition for a choir with orchestra; and the minimalist "Upstairs-Downstairs"
for two children's choirs and an orchestra.

A turning point came in 1974 with "Krzesany," a piece inspired by music of the
Tatra Mountains in southern Poland. From then on, Kilar drew inspiration for his
classical music from Polish tradition and Roman Catholic church music.

Most of his works were written for symphony orchestras -- often with a solo
voice, or instrument or choir -- and range from symphonies and concertos to
religious choral pieces such as the powerful "Exodus" of 1981, "Angelus" in 1984
and the "Magnificat," written in 2006.

He made Katowice, the heart of Poland's industrial and coal mining region, his
home. Reportedly asked by Coppola what it took to write music like his, the
composer cryptically replied: "You need to live in Katowice."

In addition to "The Pianist," his work for Polanski included music for "The
Ninth Gate" and "Death and the Maiden."

In Poland, he was known for working with three influential film directors:
Andrzej Wajda, Krzysztof Kieslowski and Krzysztof Zanussi.

His wife of more than 40 years, Barbara, died in 2007. They had no children.

--

news.obits@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: POLISH PIANIST Kilar was best known for composing film scores.
PHOTOGRAPHER:European Pressphoto Agency

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary; Wire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               30 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            January 4, 2014 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

HIGHWAY 1;
Victors include Ford, Toyota, Cadillac;
U.S. automakers gain market share in 2013. Competition heats up among
rechargeables.

BYLINE: Jerry Hirsch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 506 words


Final auto sales numbers for 2013 make it easy to pick out the industry's winner
and losers.

At the top of the heap is Ford's F-Series pickup truck -- with 763,402 sales
last year, more than any other vehicle in America, a title it has held for more
than three decades.

To put that in perspective, Ford sold more trucks than the entire lineups of all
but five other automakers in the U.S. The runner-up, the Chevrolet Silverado and
GMC truck lines from General Motors, sold a combined 644,802.

Toyota continues to do especially well with two of its cars. With sales topping
400,000, its Camry was the bestselling passenger car in the U.S., beating its
closest competitor, the Honda Accord, by more than 72,000 vehicles.

Meanwhile, Toyota's gasoline-sipping Prius hybrid -- once written off as a
quirky niche car for environmentalists -- sold more than 234,000 units last
year. That was just a few thousand fewer than the previous year, when gas prices
were higher, a trend that drives sales of hybrids.

The Prius is California's bestselling vehicle of any kind, and it has
established itself as serious rival to conventional gasoline-powered vehicles
such as the Hyundai Elantra, Ford Focus and Chevrolet Cruze.

In the luxury segment, Mercedes-Benz took the sales crown from BMW -- narrowly
outselling its German rival, 312,534 vehicles to 309,280. Lexus, a former
victor, trailed with sales of 273,847.

Cadillac sales, meanwhile, jumped 22% to 182,543, making it the fastest-growing
major luxury brand.

Jaguar Land Rover also had an especially good year, with sales up 20% to almost
67,000. That's a strong start for two British brands that have recently merged
under the ownership Tata Motors, India's largest automaker.

The big luxury loser was Lincoln. Sales fell about 1% to fewer than 82,000, even
as Ford put serious effort and marketing into a reinvention of the
once-venerated premium brand.

The year also featured increasingly fierce competition in the realm of
rechargeable cars -- all-electric vehicles and plug-in hybrids, which can run
for a limited range on electricity alone before switching to gas-electric hybrid
motors.

Chevrolet won, selling 23,094 Volts. Nissan came in second, selling 22,610 units
of the all-electric Leaf. Tesla placed third, selling 19,351 of its Model S
electric luxury sport sedans.

But the Tesla numbers may be the most impressive, given the high cost of the
car, which starts at $71,070 and climb into six figures with the largest
available battery and option packages. The Model S easily outsold Mercedes'
similarly priced S-Class and BMW's 7 Series, its gasoline-powered luxury rivals.
Still, rechargeable cars remain just a tiny fraction of the 15.6 million autos
that were sold in the U.S. last year.

Overall, U.S. automakers gained ground, accounting for 45.2% of the American
auto market last year, up from 44.5%, according to Autodata Corp. Asian brands,
from Japan and South Korea, slipped to 45.1% from 45.6%. European brands fell to
9.7% from 9.9%.

--

jerry.hirsch@latimes.com

Twitter: @latimesjerry

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               31 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                             January 3, 2014 Friday
                                  Home Edition

Ford plans C-Max solar concept

BYLINE: Jerry Hirsch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 296 words


Ford Motor Co. will unveil a solar-powered plug-in hybrid at the Consumer
Electronics Show in Las Vegas next week.

The C-Max Solar Energi Concept has solar panels on its roof that can charge the
vehicle's battery. If the technology proves viable in testing this year, Ford
thinks it is a way to free some rechargeable vehicles from wall sockets.

But there's a catch: The solar panels on the C-Max roof can capture only enough
energy to charge the battery to about one-eighth full -- good for maybe three
miles of electric-powered driving.

"While solar panels have been making strides in terms of efficiency, even if we
put them on the hood, you still couldn't recharge the battery enough," said Mike
Tinskey, Ford's director of vehicle electrification and vehicle infrastructure.

So the automaker has developed a way to fully charge the battery with a special
concentrator that acts like a giant magnifying glass, directing intense rays to
the panels, Tinskey said.

When parked under the concentrator canopy -- which covers an area a little
bigger than a typical parking space -- the car will autonomously adjust its
position to capture the most sunlight.

Ford sees potential for the system in workplace parking lots, where people leave
their cars for the six to eight hours it takes to fully charge the battery.

Tinskey said it also might work in homes and in developing countries with
unreliable or polluting electricity grids.

The automaker will begin testing the C-Max and the concentrator canopy later
this year. The vehicle has a range of about 21 miles on electricity before a
gasoline engine kicks in and extends the range to 600 miles.

Ford has not released any estimates on how much the system would cost if it is
commercialized.

--

jerry.hirsch@latimes.com

Twitter @latimesjerry

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               32 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                             January 3, 2014 Friday
                                  Home Edition

THE WORLD;
Wild mayor to run again;
Toronto's Rob Ford files reelection papers, saying he is the city's best leader
ever.

BYLINE: Carol J. Williams

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; Foreign Desk; Part A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 515 words


Rob Ford, the Toronto mayor stripped of his authority and shamed around the
world for smoking crack and hanging out with criminals, on Thursday declared
himself the best leader that Canada's No. 1 city has ever had and filed for
reelection.

Ford was first in line at City Hall, showing up before the election office
opened its doors at 8:30 a.m. and began registering early filers for the Oct. 27
municipal election.

"I've got the strongest track record. I've been the best mayor that this city's
ever had. My record speaks for itself," Ford told journalists gathered to watch
the start of his defiant bid for another four-year term -- at an hour when he is
rarely seen at the office, the Torontoist website noted.

Ford was stripped of most of his authority by the City Council in November after
a spate of revelations about his having smoked crack cocaine, kept company with
drug dealers and threatened to kill in a substance-fueled rant captured on
cellphone video.

Doug Ford, the mayor's brother and a city councilor, will head the reelection
campaign.

"This city has never been run better than under the Ford administration. That's
facts," Doug Ford told journalists after his brother paid the $200 campaign
registration fee. Alluding to what the Fords have cast as a journalistic
conspiracy against them, the councilor said tauntingly that "the Media Party,
they can come after us for the next 10 months."

Mayor Ford boasted of great fiscal accomplishments since his 2010 election,
claiming to have saved taxpayers $1 billion, kept property tax increases at
1.75% or less and dropped the unemployment rate in the city to 7% from 11%.

The Toronto Star disputed five of the mayor's claimed achievements, noting that
property tax increases were 2% in 2013 and 2.5% the previous year, that the
jobless rate increased during his term to 9.8% from 9.4% and that the purported
billion in savings was a figure arrived at through "dubious math, exaggerations
and omissions."

The newspaper, which in May first reported Ford's crack use, also provided
statistics to undermine his claim to have had the best attendance record on the
City Council, and said there was "no evidence" to support Ford's comment that
city officials "started spending like drunken sailors" as soon as he lost
control over city finances.

In spite of the scandals, Ford has continued to have support from voters who
applaud his fiscal conservatism. The mayor, who ran four years ago on a campaign
to "stop the gravy train," had a 42% job approval rating last month, according
to Forum Research.

Toronto's municipal charter makes no provision for removing an elected mayor
from office, and Ford's refusal to step down voluntarily after recorded evidence
of his misbehavior was made public compelled the City Council to divert his
staff and resources to Deputy Mayor Norm Kelly.

Kelly has maintained that he won't run for mayor when Ford's term expires this
year. But at least two other city figures have registered to run, and Councilor
Denzil Minnan-Wong has indicated he might challenge Ford, a former ally.

--

carol.williams@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               33 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            December 29, 2013 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

MOVIES;
FACES TO WATCH 2014;
Gia Coppola

BYLINE: Oliver Gettell

SECTION: SUNDAY CALENDAR; Calendar Desk; Part D; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 705 words


Filmmaker

With the release of "Palo Alto" in the spring, first-time writer-director Gia
Coppola will officially usher her family's filmmaking tradition into its third
generation. But although she is the granddaughter of Francis Ford Coppola and a
niece to Sofia Coppola and Roman Coppola, her mentor and closest collaborator on
the film was James Franco, whose short-story collection "Palo Alto Stories"
provided the source material.

Franco also has a supporting role in the film, which stars Emma Roberts, Jack
Kilmer and Nat Wolff as wayward teens navigating the liminal stage between
childhood and adulthood in suburban Palo Alto, Franco's hometown.

Coppola met Franco through mutual friends after graduating from Bard College,
where she studied photography. She had also directed a number of music and
fashion videos, and after discussing mutual creative pursuits with Franco, he
sent her an advance copy of his book.

"I felt like the book really resonated with that emotion of being a young person
and trying to find your place -- of being too old for kid stuff but also too
young for adult stuff," Coppola said.

Of working with Franco, Coppola said, "He was there to be helpful and supportive
as much as possible, but also gave me the free range to have my own
interpretation. ... And he's a wonderful actor, so I really learned a lot from
that perspective, and he helped me block a scene or two and gave his input
because he's also a director."

Coppola, who turns 27 on New Year's Day, added that she's grateful to have her
family's support, even if she tried not to need it.

"I'm such a fan of what they make and I'm so fortunate I have such talented
people that I can turn to for advice," she said. "But at the same time, I wanted
to feel like I could do this on my own and have my own voice in this."

Natalie Dormer

Actress

Audiences familiar with Natalie Dormer are probably accustomed to seeing her
dressed up in royal garb, from the flowing gowns of Anne Boleyn on the Showtime
series "The Tudors" to the ornate dresses of would-be queen Margaery Tyrell on
HBO's "Game of Thrones." Next November, the 31-year-old British actress will
show a different side as Cressida, the intrepid documentary filmmaker and
revolutionary in "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay -- Part 1," the first installment
of the series' two-part finale.

"It's such a departure for me," Dormer said, speaking on the telephone from
Britain. "At the moment, people think of me in long skirts, with long brunet
hair, so [it's a change] to be running around in combat trousers and flat army
boots."

A role in the blockbuster series, which Dormer will reprise for "Part 2" in
2015, could spell a new level of fame for the actress, who in addition to "Game
of Thrones" this year appeared in the Formula 1 racing drama "Rush" and the
Ridley Scott thriller "The Counselor." She has also completed work on "Posh,"
director Lone Scherfig's adaptation of the Laura Wade play about an elite social
club at Oxford University, as well as the indie dramas "Fencewalker" and "A Long
Way From Home."

Diego Boneta

Actor

Born to two engineers in Mexico City, actor and singer Diego Boneta can thank
his parents for a slight miscalculation. At age 12, he begged permission to
audition for "Codigo Fama," a singing reality show for children.

"After my mom saying to my dad that she knew her statistics and there was no way
I was going to make it, they let me go," Boneta, 23, said on the phone from Los
Angeles, where he now resides. He came in fifth place, which led to stints on
three telenovelas and then appearances on the American TV series "Pretty Little
Liars" and "90210."

Boneta made his film debut opposite Tom Cruise and Julianne Hough in "Rock of
Ages," an adaptation of the Broadway musical, and he's showing no signs of
slowing down. He'll next appear on screen in "Pele," a biopic in which he plays
the childhood rival of the Brazilian soccer star. The film's release will be
timed to this year's World Cup, which kicks off in Brazil in June.

Boneta has also wrapped the psychological thriller "The Dead Men" and the "Lord
of the Flies" remake "Eden," about a downed U.S. soccer team. He'll start
shooting the horror movie "Summer Camp" in Barcelona in January.

-- Oliver Gettell

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: (no caption)  PHOTOGRAPHER:Rick Madonik Toronto Star PHOTO: (no
caption)  PHOTOGRAPHER:Mark Davis Getty Images for NCLR PHOTO: (no caption)
PHOTOGRAPHER:David M. Benett Getty Images

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Profile

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               34 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           December 21, 2013 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

HIGHWAY 1;
AUTO REVIEW;
Benz on a budget?;
The CLA has the basics, but the entry-level compact sport sedan falls short on
utility, value and refined driving

BYLINE: Brian Thevenot

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1196 words


The bottom-of-the-line Benz always faces a tough question: Is it a real
Mercedes?

That's a compliment to the venerable German brand's standard-setting build
quality. But the question also speaks to the oxymoron inherent in a budget Benz,
and the challenge of delivering a bona fide Mercedes for the price of a Ford or
a Honda.

Such are the hurdles facing the CLA, a compact sport sedan seeking to set a new
standard for affordable luxury and tap into a broad customer base of
up-and-comers. Starting at $30,924, the CLA competes in a crowded space against
the higher-end offerings of mainstream automakers and starter sport sedans from
traditional rivals BMW, Audi and Lexus.

Mercedes aims to steal customers from both, said Steve Cannon, chief executive
of Mercedes-Benz USA.

"You have a car like a Ford Fusion that can sell for as much as $30,000, so you
have Mercedes-Benz competing directly against Ford," Cannon said.

The CLA replaces the C-Class as the brand's entry-level offering. Formerly known
as the baby Benz, the C-class has moved up in size, performance and price with a
redesign unveiled this week. The CLA's platform, engine and transmission will
also be used in the upcoming GLA, a similarly priced compact crossover expected
to go on sale next fall.

Cannon characterized the CLA as the least expensive "real Mercedes" possible
without soiling the brand. As a cautionary tale, he recalled Cadillac's cut-rate
Cimmaron from the 1980s, essentially a duded-up Chevy Cavalier that brought few
sales and much shame to GM's luxury marque.

After a two-week test, we can affirm that the CLA is no Cimmaron. Far from it.
But whether it delivers on the Mercedes promise is harder to answer.

The CLA has the essentials expected by any Mercedes buyer, even young ones new
to the brand. Most important is that intangible sense of bank-vault build
quality, and the CLA has it, along with appropriate measures of power, style and
handling. Those seeking a status symbol on the cheap won't be disappointed.

But the CLA falls short on utility, value and, most disappointing, the refined
driving experience one expects from any Mercedes, regardless of price.

Most of the blame here falls on the transmission, which on paper should be among
the car's biggest selling points. The gearbox is a seven-speed, dual-clutch
automated manual, of the kind now found in all the best exotic cars.

Volkswagen Group has been perfecting dual-clutches for years, and not just in
premium cars. Used in models ranging from the compact VW Golf to the Porsche
911, and many fine Audi sedans in between, these gearboxes combine the best of
manuals and automatics while eliminating the downsides of each. Those we've
tested rip off lightning-quick shifts while never upsetting the chassis. Most
impressive, gear changes often seem better timed and executed in automatic mode
than manual mode -- the car shifts itself better than you can.

The dual-clutch in the CLA is nothing like this. Gear changes are neither crisp
nor intuitive. The transmission seems to be guessing at your driving style, and
seems poorly matched with the car's turbocharged 2.0-liter four-cylinder engine.

The motor has plenty of get-up for a small sedan, with 208 horsepower and 258
pound-feet of torque. But like many turbocharged power plants, it takes a moment
to spool up to full fury. The gearbox doesn't seem to get this. Hit the
accelerator with any force, and the downshift comes too slowly, leaving the
engine gasping for torque. When it finally does shift, it often selects too low
of a gear, making the car lurch forward abruptly.

The result is that you have to adjust your driving style to the transmission,
rather than the other way around.

Speaking of driving style, the Eco and Sport driving modes, which adjust shift
points accordingly, both seem to miss the mark. We would trade in both of them
for a "normal" driving mode, programmed for less aggressive shifts than Sport
but more aggressive than Eco.

The CLA's other shortcoming is space. If prospective CLA buyers do indeed
cross-shop higher-end versions of the Ford Fusion or Honda Accord, the CLA's
interior will seem tiny by comparison -- tighter than most economy cars'.

The front of the CLA's cabin is cozy; the back seat is cramped, bordering on
uninhabitable. Rear passengers have a mere 27.1 inches of legroom, eight inches
less than a BMW 320i and nine inches less than a Honda Civic. The severely
sloped rear window, which lends coupe-like styling to the exterior, only adds to
the sense of claustrophobia inside.

But many in the CLA's targeted market will no doubt care less about rear seat
room than luxury and functionality, and here the CLA excels like a Mercedes
should. Controls are elegantly and logically laid out. Materials are first-rate,
with soft-touch dash coverings surrounding a textured metal insert running from
the center console to the passenger door. The leather is imitation -- dubbed
MB-Tex -- but didn't feel cheap and likely wears better than the real thing.

The technology package offered simple and functional controls, a rarity in
today's cars, even those from luxury brands. A nice, if ironic touch: digital
representations of an analog clock and radio dial. Not so nice: the in-dash
screen is more of an on-dash screen, sticking out from the console as if mounted
with a suction cup.

Handling and ride quality were two other high points. When you can get the
transmission and engine speaking to each other, the suspension confidently
harnesses the car's ample power on curvy roads. The CLA definitely tends more
toward sport than comfort, but passengers pay little penalty in ride quality for
the thrill ride in the twisties.

The CLA also comes with an impressive list of standard safety equipment,
including collision prevention systems that warn the driver of impending
front-end crashes and automatically prime the brakes. Another system monitors
the driver's behavior for indications of drowsiness and sounds an alarm if
needed.

Other key amenities on our test car came at a price. A premium package including
heated seats, dual-zone climate control, a premium stereo and other amenities
added $2,500. A multimedia package, including navigation, added $2,700. A set of
18-inch alloy wheels added $500, and a blind-spot monitoring system added $550.
The total tab: $36,545, including destination charge.

That's a good bit less than most Mercedes models, to be sure, but hardly chump
change.

Do you get a real Mercedes for that money? Yes.

But for the discriminating driver, not a real good one.

--

brian.thevenot@latimes.com

Twitter @lathevenot

Times staff writer Jerry Hirsch contributed to this report.

--

()

2014 Mercedes Benz CLA

Times take: A stylish sedan that falls short on performance

Highs: Sleek exterior, elegant interior, predictable handling

Lows: Dual-clutch transmission is a major disappointment

Vehicle type: four-door compact sedan

Base price: $30,924

Price as tested: $36,545

Powertrain: turbocharged 2.0-liter four-cylinder

Transmission: seven-speed dual clutch with paddle shifters

Horsepower: 208

Torque: 258 pound-feet

Zero to 60 mph: 6.2 seconds, according to Motor Trend

EPA fuel-economy rating: 26 mpg city, 38 mpg highway, 30 combined

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: THE 2014 CLA comes with an impressive list of standard safety
equipment, including collision prevention systems that warn the driver of
impending front-end crashes and automatically prime the brakes.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Mercedes-Benz PHOTO: ONE OF the CLA's shortcomings is space. Its
interior seems tighter than those of most economy cars.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Mercedes-Benz

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Infobox

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               35 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            December 20, 2013 Friday
                                  Home Edition

Ford mulls self-driving car;
It joins GM, Toyota, Audi, Volvo and Mercedes in looking to make vehicles safer.

BYLINE: David Undercoffler

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 458 words


Ford has announced it is joining a growing list of automakers that are taking a
serious look at self-driving cars.

The automaker has teamed up with the University of Michigan and State Farm
Insurance to develop an autonomous Ford Fusion Hybrid test car. The
collaboration will use the car to develop technologies that Ford and its
suppliers can use on a future generation of vehicles.

"We see a future of connected cars that communicate with each other and the
world around them to make driving safer, ease traffic congestion and sustain the
environment," Bill Ford, Ford's executive chairman, said in a statement.

The Fusion test vehicle starts with features you can buy in a Ford today,
including adaptive cruise control, collision warning and brake assist,
self-parking and blind-spot monitoring. It then adds to the car four LiDAR
infrared sensors that scan the road 2.5 million times a second, Ford said.

Similar to the way a bat or dolphin uses sound waves, LiDAR bounces infrared
light off of objects up to 200 feet away and then uses the data to create a
real-time 3-D map of the vicinity.

This setup echoes what Bill Ford said at the annual Milken Global Conference in
Los Angeles in April. "Here we stand on the cusp of a series of revolutions," he
said. "The car is really becoming a rolling group of sensors."

With almost 34,000 traffic deaths in the U.S. in 2012, Ford joins brands
including General Motors, Toyota, Audi, Volvo, Nissan and Mercedes-Benz in the
quest to use advanced technologies to make vehicles safer. The integration of
these features could come more quickly than many people realize.

"The car as we know it, and how it's used in people's lives, is going to change
really dramatically, and it's going to change fast," Bill Ford said in April.

In September, Mercedes announced that a slightly modified version of its new
S-Class full-size sedan had successfully driven 62 miles on German public roads
autonomously. Many automakers expect to bring self-driving technology to the
road by 2020.

Though rapid, the evolution will move in stages, Ford said. Its current vehicles
can self-park, self-drive in slow-moving traffic and redirect drivers around
heavy traffic. In the second step, vehicles will communicate with one another,
enabling them to wirelessly link up and travel together to ease congestion.

The third and final step, according to Ford, will be fully autonomous vehicles.

In the meantime, state and federal legislation will need to catch up. Currently,
only California, Nevada and Florida allow the testing of self-driving cars.

Ford's home state of Michigan is poised to become the fourth. The state's
legislature passed a pair of bills last week clearing the way for these
vehicles.

--

david.undercoffler@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: FORD WILL USE this modified Fusion Hybrid to test driving
technologies in a collaboration with the University of Michigan and State Farm
Insurance.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Ford

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               36 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday
                                  Home Edition

COLUMN ONE;
He's still got that swing;
Chuck Cecil's big band show has been on radio since 1956. Tony Bennett credits
him with 'keeping the music alive.'

BYLINE: Charles Fleming

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; Business Desk; Part A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1335 words


Chuck Cecil went to his first big band show in 1939, driving with three high
school friends in a Model A Ford to South Gate to see bandleader Jimmie
Lunceford at the Trianon Ballroom.

The following year, he was at the opening of the Hollywood Palladium to see
Tommy Dorsey and a skinny singer named Frank Sinatra.

Nearly three-quarters of a century later, Cecil is still swinging to the same
music: His weekly big band radio show, "Swingin' Years," has been on the air
almost continuously since it debuted in 1956.

It began as filler for an empty Saturday morning slot on Hollywood's KFI station
and was later syndicated to more than 300 stations nationwide and broadcast
internationally, on 240 ships and 170 military bases, by Armed Forces Radio
Network. Though the show is now heard only on Long Beach's KKJZ and Long
Island's WPPB, it reaches an average of 46,000 listeners a week.

His cheery Midwestern tones larded with corn-pone quips like "Let's split an egg
and fry a watermelon," Cecil intersperses big band music with factoids about the
songs and firsthand memories of the men and women who recorded them -- the
Detroit Tigers, for instance, were winning the World Series the day Bing Crosby
recorded "Only Forever."

Now almost 91, the host seems a little mystified by the show's longevity -- but
not by the long-lived popularity of the music.

"It was an emotional time, and a hardship time, but it was a survival time,"
said the slim, white-haired Cecil, dressed in denim jeans and a chambray shirt
that brought out the blue in his eyes. "That's why the music was so treasured.
It did lift people's spirits during the Depression and the war."

--

Cecil was born the day after Christmas 1922 to a rancher who lost hundreds of
heads of cattle and 650 acres of good Oklahoma land in the drought that brought
on the Dust Bowl and preceded the Great Depression.

When his father couldn't feed his family of six anymore, he loaded them into a
truck and drove to California, installing them in an apartment in Hollywood
while he began building a house in what is now Sherman Oaks.

At Van Nuys High, he double-dated with local girls Jane Russell and Norma Jean
Baker before they became movie stars (and Miss Baker changed her name to Marilyn
Monroe). A drama teacher told him he had a good voice for radio.

During World War II, despite a childhood injury that left him with a lifelong
limp, Cecil left a note for his mother saying he was going to enlist and might
be late for dinner, and went off to join the Navy. He trained to fly Grumman
Wildcats, and had just qualified for combat duty when the war ended.

By then, Cecil had already studied broadcasting at Los Angeles City College.
Newly out of the service, he landed a job at a new station in Klamath Falls,
Ore. The gig included doing a "remote broadcast" of a local performance by a
17-piece big band accompanied by a 16-year-old female vocalist.

Her name was Edna. When she turned 17, Cecil married her.

That was 1947. "Their" song was Perry Como's "They Say It's Wonderful."

--

When Cecil was hired by KFI in 1952, the big band years were already over.
"Swingin' Years" was an exercise in nostalgia, right from its debut four years
later.

"Big band music was in decline," Cecil said. "The big bands themselves were
fading in popularity. It was vintage music."

But the show was a hit and became a weekly feature.

Chuck and Edna set up house in the San Fernando Valley, when it was still mostly
orange groves, and raised four children. Cecil, by now a local celebrity, was
made honorary mayor of Woodland Hills and asked to ride in open cars in local
parades.

The show grew in popularity. Disneyland hired Cecil to do a series of "Swingin'
Years" shows in 1961. Ronald Reagan did a "Swingin' Years" TV special in 1962.
Cecil even hosted "Swingin' Years" cruises, sailing the Caribbean with
bandleader Freddy Martin.

Cecil hung out with Harry James, lunched with Artie Shaw and Bing Crosby, and
interviewed Peggy Lee in her boudoir. (He sat on the bed while the singer
reclined.) Cecil recorded and archived the interviews, using them to introduce
his listeners to the men and women behind the music.

Bandleader Shaw, Cecil remembers, invited him to his Newbury Park house and then
insisted on doing the interview while driving to lunch. "It was the most
terrifying drive of my life," Cecil said. "He was a wild driver."

The opportunity to interview Crosby arrived suddenly, when a record producer
friend said, "I can get you in to see him, but you have to come while he's
eating lunch." Cecil asked questions while Der Bingle ate a burger.

"This music is the voice of America, and he has documented it," said veteran
deejay Bubba Jackson, who hosts an evening KJazz blues show. "Thanks to Chuck
Cecil, that music will never disappear. He is one of the great historians of
American culture."

Crooner Tony Bennett, who at 87 is three years younger than Cecil, called the
radio host "a great jazz historian."

"I want to thank him for keeping the music alive," he said, "and for playing my
records all these years!"

--

Today, the Cecils are spry and active, and walk a brisk three miles a day near
their tidy Spanish-style home on a quiet Ventura street, where they moved 11
years ago.

"That's one of the reasons we moved to Ventura -- because we can walk to the
market, to the shops, to the doctor," Cecil said. "We can walk everywhere but
the cemetery."

On Sunday, there's no walk. Instead, the Cecils attend church in the morning and
go dancing in the afternoon.

Cecil confessed he's no hoofer, though he and Edna did sign up for swing dance
lessons a few years back.

"Radio announcers are like musicians," he said. "They generally can't dance."

Nevertheless, their Sunday ritual includes a circuit of big band-themed events
at clubs in Ventura, Oxnard, Canoga Park and Simi Valley.

Each week, Cecil and his wife assemble "Swingin' Years" manually, without the
aid of computers, for the Saturday and Sunday morning broadcasts. The recording
studio is a back room of their home filled with casual photographs of the radio
man sitting with jazz giants such as Woody Herman, Count Basie, Lionel Hampton
and Bennett.

Working from a massive library of more than 30,000 78-, 45- and 33-rpm records,
and his own personal library of interviews with 356 band leaders, singers and
sidemen, Cecil mixes dance tunes, sentimental ballads, jazzy jumpers and novelty
records. Often you can hear the sizzle of the needle on the platter.

Cecil said he sometimes tires of the 15 to 20 hours required to produce each
week's "Swingin' Years" broadcasts. "I've done more than 20,000 hours of
programming," he said. "Maybe that number has got my attention, but I've lost a
little of my zip for the show."

Despite that, Cecil was planning to do a new "Swingin' Years" series on
bandleaders and their theme songs -- Glenn Miller's "Moonlight Serenade," Duke
Ellington's "Take the 'A' Train" -- and another on the lesser-known sidemen who
worked for the famous bandleaders.

Almost none of the musicians Cecil admired or befriended are still alive.

"When you get past 90, people really start corking off," said Edna Cecil, who
celebrates back-to-back birthdays with her husband, turning 84 on Christmas Day.
"But not us!"

The Cecils' daughter Sherri recently returned to Ventura, moving in with her
parents and bringing modern technology with her: the Internet.

As a result, Cecil was able to hear his own show for the first time since he
moved to Ventura, which doesn't have a radio station that broadcasts "Swingin'
Years."

A couple of Saturdays back, he and his wife tuned in to a live stream from WPPB
in Long Island.

"I lit two candles and we sat there with sandwiches and wine and the music --
for four whole hours," Edna Cecil said. "It was heaven."

She said her husband fails to appreciate his own contribution to the American
music scene.

"He doesn't realize how important he has been," she said. "Many musicians tell
him that -- 'You kept the music alive.' But he doesn't have a clue."

--

charles.fleming@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: CHUCK CECIL, 90, likes to go dancing with his wife, Edna. His
radio show once was heard on more than 300 stations nationwide and broadcast
internationally.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Anne Cusack Los Angeles Times PHOTO: CHUCK CECIL
records "Swingin' Years" at a studio in his Ventura home. During his long
career, he has hung out with Harry James, lunched with Artie Shaw and Bing
Crosby, and interviewed Peggy Lee in her boudoir.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Anne Cusack Los
Angeles Times PHOTO: A PHOTO in the studio shows Chuck Cecil, center, with his
wife, Edna, and crooner Tony Bennett, who has called the radio host "a great
jazz historian."  PHOTOGRAPHER:Anne Cusack Los Angeles Times

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Non dup; Profile

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               37 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday
                                  Home Edition

FOR THE RECORD

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; News Desk; Part A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 66 words


National Film Registry: In the Dec. 18 Calendar section, an article about 25
films named to the Library of Congress' National Film Registry said that Sandy
Dennis was nominated for an Oscar for 1966's "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?"
Dennis not only was nominated but won the supporting actress Oscar for her
performance. In addition, the article misspelled actor Glenn Ford's last name as
Flord.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Correction

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               38 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday
                                  Home Edition

ACTORS ROUND TABLE;
Characters in and out of costume;
The stars of some of the most noteworthy movies of the year gather to share
insight on their creative process, with a little playful banter on the side

BYLINE: John Horn

SECTION: THE ENVELOPE; Entertainment Desk; Part S; Part S; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1260 words


Do the clothes really help find the character? Is it a good idea to watch your
own acting? And are movies sacrificing entertainment to be morally correct?

The performers participating in The Envelope's Actors Round Table wrestled with
those and other questions -- when they were not laughing about less serious
subjects -- during a wide-ranging conversation that ultimately focused on their
memorable performances.

The panel was as varied in experience as the films were different. In addition
to "42's" Harrison Ford, our ensemble included Lupita Nyong'o ("12 Years a
Slave"), Emma Thompson ("Saving Mr. Banks"), Oscar Isaac ("Inside Llewyn
Davis"), Forest Whitaker ("Lee Daniels' The Butler") and Chiwetel Ejiofor ("12
Years a Slave").

Here are edited and condensed excerpts from the conversation about how actors
choose roles, what they need from a director and how clothes really can make the
man (or woman):

--

When you are making a movie, do you actually have a sense that it's going to
turn out well?

Forest Whitaker: I think there's a time, sometimes, when you're working that you
can feel a transcendence and you know that something special is going on.

Oscar Isaac: I usually can tell when it's going to be bad, but I can't really
tell when it's going to be good.

Chiwetel Ejiofor: You're hopeful in the moment but then you kind of have to
forget about that in a way. You're just working and you're in the moment with
the other actors.

Harrison Ford: I think that's important, that most of the time you don't think
about the movie at all. You just think about the little meal you have in front
of you and how to manage that part.

--

If you're lucky enough to get a great script, do you see yourself as that
character?

Isaac: Choosing something is about, will it maintain my interest for the amount
of time it takes to shoot it?

Ejiofor: It's always a question of sort of seeing yourself inside it, for me. Do
I recognize myself somehow in this story? Because you're playing somebody else
but you're also playing a reflection of yourself.

--

Lupita, it's a little bit different with you as this is your first film.

Lupita Nyong'o: I've done a lot of theater and one of the games I like to play
when I receive a script is to, first of all, not know which character I'm going
in for, just read it to get a sense of the whole story. And then, ask myself who
would I play in this movie, this play, and then go and find out who I'm going in
for. Because I think it gives you an objective view of the whole thing and you
avoid talking yourself out of being able to play a certain character.

--

When you make a decision about a movie, how important is it that it have
something to say beyond the story?

Ejiofor: Some films I think are good because, in a way, they aren't a judgment
on anything. They're just telling a story and putting people through
circumstances. And then there are other films that have really strong moral arcs
and those are interesting as long as they don't lean too heavily on them.

Emma Thompson: Sometimes it's nice to make something that's -- well, "merely" is
the wrong word -- entertaining. We don't make very many films anymore that are
designed to make people happy from the moment they sit down to the end. We used
to make entertainments that were designed to lift your spirits. We're very keen
now on the moral journey and the arc and what journey are we going on with the
character? And sometimes, one might be fatigued by that and wish simply to watch
something like "Singin' in the Rain."

--

Who do you look for as a sounding board as you're considering doing something?

Thompson: I always ring Harrison.

--

And what does he tell you?

Thompson: He just says, "Who is this?"

Ford: You really have to make your own choices. You may want to go beyond that
first step of reading the screenplay and investigate, meet with the director and
the other people involved. Maybe I'll have questions about the script. But I
can't really depend on anybody else. It has to be an emotional decision -- and
it's tough sometimes.

--

Emma -- if Harrison's not taking your phone calls -- how much of your thinking
is strategic?

Thompson: "Strategic," that word just makes every muscle in my body twitch. It's
horrible. I've never understood the word "career" either. Things just come along
and you think, "Oh, am I going to get onto that?" It's not a career. It's a
series of decisions. You might do a job and think, maybe I won't play the
cocaine dealer who can also fandango again -- this year.

Whitaker: I'm always trying to figure out how to expand myself as a human being,
to grow. And so it's looking for a part of myself but I'm looking for that part
of myself that may be a small molecule sometimes. And that frightens me. And I'm
trying to expand it and so I make my choices based sometimes not about doing
something different, but about continuing to grow and continuing to expand
myself.

--

When you arrive on set the first day, what is it you need to hear from the
director?

Isaac: With the Coens, as far as they were concerned, they don't give you
anything. They don't compliment, you know. And it was the first time where I
really had dealt with that kind of thing where there's no, like, "Great, babe!
That was amazing!"

Thompson: I don't like being complimented while I'm working. It makes me feel
weird. I much prefer notes like the ones I got from Ang Lee [in "Sense and
Sensibility"]. It was sort of, "Don't look so old."

--

That's kind of a hard note to address.

Thompson: He said to Hugh Grant one day, "Now do one like a very bad actor." And
Hugh said, "That's the one I just did!"

Nyong'o: I haven't worked with that many film directors yet, but you have to
just be listening to what this particular relationship needs and what he needs
from you and what you need from him.

--

Do you like to watch your own work?

Whitaker: In the early part of my career I wasn't comfortable. But later, I
don't know if it's from directing or whatever, I've gained a little more
comfort. And at times it can be helpful to me: Oh, that's not what I was trying
to do. I need to do this again.

Ford: It doesn't bother me to step out and take a look at it and go look at
playback. I sometimes look at playback because I want to see the scale of what
I'm doing in the shot and then can make an adjustment. What I can't stand is a
finished movie.

--

How much does it help you to have physical tools around you, like the costume?

Ejiofor: Wardrobe is one of the most important days that you can have as an
actor. You go in and you start to put on things. And you're standing in front of
the mirror -- and the scrutiny with which you stare at yourself in those moments
to try and see if the guy's coming out of you. And those are the pieces that,
when they start to come in, can make all the difference.

Thompson: I had a perm. And it was frightful. I looked like a sheep, as you can
see. And that helped enormously but I couldn't get away from it. I had to live
with it for months on end. It was hell.

Ford: It's more fun when you're playing a character part rather than a leading
man. What was really fun in playing Branch Rickey was finding the right fat
suit, finding what the clothes were like around a fat suit and how you felt in
that assumed weight and mass.

Nyong'o: I remember [costume designer] Patty [Norris] saying to me that some of
my clothes actually belonged to slave women. I felt really spooked, and then I
thought, what a gift, because it just added another level of reverence, stepping
into those clothes and really just stepping into that experience.

--

john.horn@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: (Cover) ALL IN ON THE ACT  PHOTOGRAPHER:Kirk McKoy Los Angeles
Times PHOTO: (S4) THE ACTORS KIBITZ: Harrison Ford, Oscar Isaac, Emma Thompson,
Chiwetel Ejiofor, Forest Whitaker and Lupita Nyong'o share serious thoughts, and
a few laughs, on playing a part.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Kirk McKoy Los Angeles Times
PHOTO: IT WAS A notable year in film for the actors assembled for a round table
that touched on costumes and story arcs.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Kirk McKoy Los Angeles
Times PHOTO: AN ACTORS panel featuring Harrison Ford, from left, Lupita Nyong'o,
Forest Whitaker, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Emma Thompson and Oscar Isaac talks about
directors, wardrobe and getting into character.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Kirk McKoy/Los
Angeles Times PHOTO: AN ACTORS panel featuring Harrison Ford, from left, Lupita
Nyong'o, Forest Whitaker, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Emma Thompson and Oscar Isaac talks
about directors, wardrobe and getting into character.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Kirk
McKoy/Los Angeles Times PHOTO: AN ACTORS panel featuring Harrison Ford, from
left, Lupita Nyong'o, Forest Whitaker, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Emma Thompson and Oscar
Isaac talks about directors, wardrobe and getting into character.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Kirk McKoy/Los Angeles Times PHOTO: AN ACTORS panel featuring
Harrison Ford, from left, Lupita Nyong'o, Forest Whitaker, Chiwetel Ejiofor,
Emma Thompson and Oscar Isaac talks about directors, wardrobe and getting into
character.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Kirk McKoy/Los Angeles Times PHOTO: AN ACTORS panel
featuring Harrison Ford, from left, Lupita Nyong'o, Forest Whitaker, Chiwetel
Ejiofor, Emma Thompson and Oscar Isaac talks about directors, wardrobe and
getting into character.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Kirk McKoy/Los Angeles Times PHOTO: AN
ACTORS panel featuring Harrison Ford, from left, Lupita Nyong'o, Forest
Whitaker, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Emma Thompson and Oscar Isaac talks about directors,
wardrobe and getting into character.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Kirk McKoy Los Angeles Times

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Interview

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               39 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday
                                  Home Edition

Ford warning on pricing pressure, slowing profit pushes stock down

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 310 words


Ford Motor Co., a darling of the auto industry's comeback, is facing its biggest
test since Chief Executive Alan Mulally charted its successful course out of the
Great Recession.

The company outlined its challenges to Wall Street on Wednesday, telling
analysts assembled in New York that profit will slow next year, largely because
its North American cash machine is facing intense price competition and higher
costs because of new model rollouts.

The admissions sent Ford's stock tumbling 6.3% on Wednesday, the largest one-day
decline since August 2011. The shares have now dropped 12% since late October,
partly because of stories about Mulally possibly leaving for Microsoft.

Ford was near collapse in 2006 when it hired Mulally. The company borrowed $23.6
billion to make it through the recession and finance a restructuring. It shed
unprofitable brands, closed plants and invested in new cars and trucks that are
sold worldwide. Now it's making billions.

The analyst meeting started on a good note -- Ford predicted a pretax profit of
$8.5 billion for this year, among the largest in company history. But
ultimately, the discussion with analysts raised broader questions about whether
the U.S. auto industry, which consistently has led the economy after the
recession, could be headed for a period of slower growth in sales and profits.

Bob Shanks, Ford's finance chief, told the group that pretax profits next year
could fall as much as $1.5 billion from 2013. This is because Ford's ability to
raise prices will slow, profits will flatten in Asia and South America, and its
costs will rise because of an ambitious launch of almost two dozen vehicles
worldwide, he said.

The news sent Ford's stock down $1.05 to close at $15.67.

U.S. auto sales have risen by more than 1 million vehicles annually since 2009,
but many analysts have said that pace isn't sustainable.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Wire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               40 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            December 8, 2013 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

TELEVISION;
Another shot at it;
Bonnie and Clyde, the Depression-era outlaw couple, are back in a four-hour
miniseries airing on three cable channels. Were they the first reality TV stars?

BYLINE: Scott Collins

SECTION: SUNDAY CALENDAR; Calendar Desk; Part D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1958 words

DATELINE:  DONALDSVILLE, LA.


Late one evening last spring in this struggling but picturesque river town about
an hour west of New Orleans, the never-ending saga of Bonnie and Clyde took an
unexpectedly fiery twist.

Vintage 1930 Fords roared down the town's main drag in a cops-and-robbers chase,
men leaning out car windows, guns blazing. Then, just as the director Bruce
Beresford was about to call action for another take, one idling vehicle's engine
suddenly burst into flames. A cluster of crew members raced over to douse the
fire.

"These cars from 1930 were just a nightmare," Beresford, a native Australian
perhaps best known for his feature version of "Driving Miss Daisy," recalled
later. "Sometimes you'd call action and there'd be three or four cars there, and
none of them would move. They couldn't start them."

Depression-era automotive machinery may not be reliable, but three cable
networks are betting that the period's most enduring criminal tale will be. The
$15-million, four-hour miniseries "Bonnie and Clyde: Dead and Alive" -- yet
another retelling of the crime spree of doomed lovers Bonnie Parker and Clyde
Barrow, with "The Borgias" costar Holliday Grainger and "Into the Wild" star
Emile Hirsch in the title roles -- will air for two consecutive nights starting
Sunday.

In an extraordinary test for "event TV," the show will air simultaneously on
A&E, Lifetime and History, the last of which in 2012 turned its historical epic
"Hatfields & McCoys" miniseries into a surprise hit, with more than 14 million
viewers for the finale. "Bonnie and Clyde's" producers are hoping they can
deliver that kind of ratings with their spin on another pair of familiar names.

"It really brought back the miniseries," Craig Zadan, executive producer of
"Bonnie and Clyde" with his business partner, Neil Meron, said of "Hatfields."

Together Meron and Zadan have made such hits as the features "Hairspray" and
"Chicago" and are also behind NBC's recent live version of "The Sound of Music"
with Carrie Underwood. " ' Bonnie and Clyde' probably wouldn't have gotten
pushed through so quickly and so forcefully if 'Hatfields' hadn't been such a
huge success," Zadan said.

Even so, getting the movie made required nearly as much determination as that
shown by Frank Hamer, the relentless ex-Texas Ranger who pursued Bonnie and
Clyde in real life and is played by Oscar winner William Hurt in the film. The
crew was under intense pressure to film a story with dozens of locations and
plenty of gun battles, with a budget that for many studio features wouldn't even
cover the cast salaries. Beresford, a persistent self-critic, complains even now
that he needed more shooting time.

Then too there is the matter of the historical record, always a tricky subject
in docudrama. Although Meron boasts of the "incredible amount of research" that
writers Joe Batteer and John Rice did in assembling the script, the author of a
recent Bonnie and Clyde biography said that the movie gets important facts wrong
and invents many scenes that likely never happened.

For all that, the producers promise their take will keep the story relevant for
a new generation, especially in its portrayal of Bonnie Parker as a fame-thirsty
wannabe. The first reality TV star, in Zadan's thinking.

Finding Bonnie

Marilyn Vance stood in her wardrobe trailer leafing through photos. There were
pictures of Grainger in all kinds of poses as Bonnie. Wearing a knitted cap at a
jaunty angle. Cocking her hips in a long skirt. Smiling in a broad-brimmed hat
and glamorous sunglasses.

As a veteran costume designer, Vance has sheathed some of the most famous bodies
in Hollywood. For "Die Hard," she ripped up 17 T-shirts for Bruce Willis (one of
the shirts now resides in the Smithsonian). She poured Julia Roberts into that
form-fitting red gown with the white gloves in "Pretty Woman." She persuaded a
reluctant Molly Ringwald to don the memorable "granny chic" prom dress in
"Pretty in Pink."

Vance, a quirky and energetic woman with a bottomless passion for style, paused
at a close-up of Grainger mugging, scrunching her face for the camera. "She's
just adorable," Vance said.

For "Bonnie and Clyde," Vance combed costume houses and vintage shops, often
stuffing her multiple trailers with genuine clothing from the early 1930s rather
than trying to fashion replicas. It was all part of a painstaking effort to
re-animate an era that exists in the memories of only the oldest Americans.

The actors also wanted to get everything just so. The 25-year-old Grainger, who
hails from the British city of Manchester and had never spoken with an American
accent in a role before, had to take on Parker's East Texas twang. She studied
with dialect coaches but was wary of overdoing the accent. So she carefully
listened to the performances of a genuine Texan who didn't need to fake it.

"I kind of based my voice on Sissy Spacek," she said with a laugh, alluding to
the Oscar winner who shot to fame in "Carrie" and "Coal Miner's Daughter."

Authenticity is a relative concept, though, when it comes to a tale told as
often as Bonnie and Clyde's.

The real outlaws came from dirt-poor families. Clyde's family was so destitute
it had to sleep under a wagon after it moved to Dallas. Bonnie's father died
when the girl was small and her mother (played by Holly Hunter) struggled to get
by working in a garment factory.

Clyde hardly seemed destined for international notoriety. As a young man, he
stole turkeys with his brother, Buck, later moving up to knocking over gas
stations and hot-wiring cars. His hobbies were playing music (saxophone, guitar)
and driving fast. But after being sent to Texas' notoriously tough Eastham
Prison Farm in 1930, Clyde transformed into an angry, violent criminal. He beat
to death another inmate who had raped him -- the first of many subsequent
murders. "A rattlesnake" is how another prisoner described the Clyde who was
paroled in early 1932.

Bonnie was a good student -- she especially liked writing poetry -- but dropped
out of high school to marry at age 15. That union lasted only a couple of years,
at which point Bonnie was taking orders in a diner. She met Clyde around the
time he was paroled. Clyde assembled a gang of cons within a few weeks, with
Bonnie increasing her participation in the mayhem as the months went by.

The duo's legacy

In the decades since, their story has inspired a Broadway musical, numerous
books and countless songs (including Jay-Z and Beyonce's hit "'03 Bonnie &
Clyde").

It also led, as any student of the genre knows, to the famous 1967 "Bonnie and
Clyde," director Arthur Penn's take starring Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway,
which sharply divided critics. The overall violence of Penn's movie -- and in
particular the shockingly bloody, meticulously edited finale -- repelled many.
The critic Joe Morgenstern dismissed the movie as a "squalid shoot-'em-up for
the moron trade" (he later recanted).

But the romanticized view of Bonnie and Clyde as young nonconformists rebelling
against staid, homespun America thrilled the late-'60s counterculture. It also
helped launch a new wave of American filmmakers with personal, idiosyncratic
visions, leading to such later outlaw classics as "Easy Rider" and "The
Godfather."

"I think Abbie Hoffman thought of himself as Clyde Barrow," said Jeff Guinn,
author of the 2009 book "Go Down Together: The True, Untold Story of Bonnie &
Clyde," which Hirsch said he used for background in understanding Barrow and the
historical context.

Guinn has seen the movies by Penn and Beresford and said both are too filled
with twisted facts and flights of fancy to qualify as even close to the "real
story." "Both should be considered entertainment," he said.

The new movie has Clyde crashing a wedding reception where he sees Bonnie -- the
bride -- for the first time. It's a romantic notion, but in truth, they met at a
more routine party. Bonnie's husband -- a small-time criminal himself -- had
already left her by then, Guinn said. The real Bonnie loved movies, but she was
never, as the miniseries shows, rejected by Columbia Pictures after she wrote
them hoping to be a screen star.

Bonnie was a willing accomplice to Clyde, Guinn said, but was hardly the driven,
machine-gun-waving moll depicted by Grainger. The real Parker was clumsy with
firearms and nearly shot off her foot once during a misadventure in a hotel,
according to Guinn.

"They were terrible robbers," Guinn said. "The people they robbed were mostly
mom-and-pop grocers. The times they tried to rob banks they were mostly foiled."

In any event, the emotional truth rather than the literal one was what the
filmmakers were after. "We were trying to bring some emotional nuance to the
story," Hirsch explained. "Why would they possibly do this? What motivated that?
I feel like answering those questions was pretty important to the film."

Rob Sharenow, the Lifetime executive vice president who helped shepherd the
miniseries, said the filmmakers deliberately chose to make Bonnie a "driver" of
the tale -- "much more than Clyde was," he said. Grainger portrays her as a Lady
Macbeth-in-waiting, an ambitious, emotional girl subject to panic attacks who
becomes the bank robber who barks, "Don't mess with Bonnie and Clyde!"

What the real Bonnie and Clyde did have was good timing -- and a good backstory.
One day in March 1933, the year after their multi-state crime ramble began, they
posed for roadside photographs in front of a stolen Ford V-8 convertible
(license plate fully visible). Police found the roll of undeveloped film the
following month during a raid on their Missouri hideout. Soon news outlets
blasted countrywide a photo of Parker chomping on a cigar, pistol in right hand,
left foot resting on the Ford's bumper. Another had the petite Bonnie balanced
on Barrow's left arm. Both were smiling as if they'd just won a prize at the
fair.

That these two road-tripping hoodlums were photogenic lovers who by all accounts
were crazy about each other made the story irresistible. As Guinn said, "It's
'Romeo and Juliet' with guns."

Back to the Depression

Baz Luhrmann's recent adaptation of "The Great Gatsby" reignited curiosity about
the Jazz Age, so it's possible that "Bonnie and Clyde" could do the same for the
Depression and its colorful cast of criminals who became known as "Public
Enemies."

Brad Adgate, an analyst for ad firm Horizon Media in New York, said "Hatfields"
proved the value of miniseries and event programs. For "Bonnie and Clyde," "I
anticipate strong ratings," he said.

Beresford hopes that's right, although he remained unsatisfied with what he got
during shooting. He insists all his movies seem "wrong" somehow, even his 1980
breakthrough, "Breaker Morant," now a classic story of the Boer War.

Making "Bonnie and Clyde," he said, he was disconcerted by "how little time I
had to shoot some quite big sequences. Everyone was under financial pressures,"
he said. "Sometimes I'd be shooting for a night or a night and a half and I'd
think, 'God, I really need five nights to do this.' Some of the shootouts are
huge."

It didn't help matters when cars were catching on fire or failing to start. But
that was what the filmmakers signed up for with this particular tale. The
production designer Derek Hill -- who like Vance worked on "Hatfields" -- said
he had access to dozens of vehicles from the Depression, thanks to auto clubs in
the area.

At least Hill didn't have to wonder what makes or models to pick. There was just
one type of car he needed to find, one vehicle that did one thing that summed up
the appeal of the Bonnie and Clyde story as it enters its ninth decade.

"Most everything Clyde stole were Ford V-8s," Hill explained during a break in
shooting. "'Cause they were the fastest on the road."

--

scott.collins@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: HOLLIDAY GRAINGER and Emile Hirsch in "Bonnie and Clyde: Dead
and Alive."  PHOTOGRAPHER:Joseph Viles A&E Networks PHOTO: EMILE HIRSCH and
Holliday Grainger reenact the well-publicized pose by the notorious couple.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Joseph Viles A&E Networks PHOTO: THE ORIGINAL 1933 picture was
taken in front of a stolen Ford V-8 and seen nationwide.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Hulton
Archive / Getty Images PHOTO: FAYE DUNAWAY and Warren Beatty's portrayal helped
launch a wave of outlaw films.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Keystone-France / Gamma-Keystone
via Getty Images

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Profile

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               41 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            December 8, 2013 Sunday
                                Bulldog Edition

From Our Blogs

BYLINE: Carol J. Williams; Deborah Netburn; Salvador Rodriguez; Hector Tobar

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; News Desk; Part A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 956 words


WORLD NOW

Toronto mayor catnip to media

Toronto Mayor Rob Ford may be a national embarrassment, but his scandalous
behavior -- smoking crack cocaine, threatening murder and making lewd remarks on
live television -- is the biggest international news story out of Canada this
century, Canadian Press reported.

If the foreign media coverage of Ford's antics were sold as advertising space
instead, it would have generated at least $1.1 billion in revenue, the news
agency said of analysis by Influence Communications of Montreal.

News stories about Ford in the month of November would have filled nearly four
years of airtime if read out consecutively on television or radio, the
media-monitoring company calculated.

And the global coverage, if run in a single daily newspaper, would have filled
every issue for six consecutive years, Influence said.

"No story in the 21st century has given Canada this much exposure," the media
company's president, Jean-Francois Dumas, told the National Post.

"It's not just the tabloids. ... All sorts of media covered this. It became a
social phenomenon," Dumas said.

The spotlight on Ford has dimmed a bit in the two weeks since the Toronto City
Council voted to strip the mayor of most of his powers, although he refuses to
resign or take a leave of absence for counseling.

But the allegations continue to mount, including disclosures from police
investigation files made public Wednesday that Ford apparently tried to buy an
incriminating video from suspected drug dealers that shows him smoking crack,
the Toronto Star reported.

-- Carol J. Williams

From World Now: News from around the globe

For more, go to latimes.com/worldnow

SCIENCE NOW

Say this really fast, 10 times

Stop what you are doing and try saying this 10 times fast: "pad kid poured curd
pulled cod."

Feeling tongue tied? You should. You just tried what might be one of the
trickiest tongue twisters ever devised.

In a recent study, a research team found that "pad kid poured curd pulled cod"
tripped up test subjects more than any other tongue twister they were asked to
say.

"If anyone can say this 10 times quickly, they get a prize," Stefanie
Shattuck-Hufnagel, a psychologist at MIT, said in a statement.

Shattuck-Hufnagel and her colleagues did not set out to invent the hardest
tongue twister ever. Rather, they wanted to see if different types of tongue
twisters cause different types of speech errors.

For example, most people will get tongue tied when they try to say "top cop" 10
times fast -- but the type of mistake they make is not always the same.

For the next phase of their research, the scientists have already put tiny
transducers on test subjects' tongues to measure their articulation as they
struggle to say tricky word combinations. Ultimately, they would like to
understand how the brain plans for these two different types of speech.

-- Deborah Netburn

From Science Now: Dispatches from the front lines of science, medicine, health
and the environment

For more, go to latimes.com/sciencenow

TECH NOW

For some, '1234' is a password

Cyber security researchers recently discovered a server with about 2 million
stolen Internet passwords, and as expected, many of the login credentials are no
more complex than "1234."

Of the stolen passwords, nearly 1.6 million come from websites. More than
318,000 come from Facebook, nearly 60,000 from Yahoo, more than 54,000 from
Google and nearly 22,000 from Twitter. Fortunately, most of the companies have
reportedly reset the passwords for users' whose accounts were compromised.

But the hack shows that users are still making it very easy for others to break
into their online accounts.

Trustwave's SpiderLabs, the research team that discovered the stolen passwords,
said the most common password was "123456" followed by "123456789," "1234," and
"password."

Users are creating easy-to-crack passwords, but SpiderLabs blames companies, not
users, for this problem.

"If our hypothesis is true, then the inevitable conclusion is that people still
choose comfort over security," the team said in a blog post. "If you don't
enforce a password policy, don't expect your users to do it for you."

So how can you create a better password? Here's a few tips:

Use capital and lowercase letters

Use letters and numbers

Use words not found in the dictionary. For example, instead of "apple" go with
"aapl"

Replace letters like "O" and "E" with numbers like "0" and "3"

Use long passwords

If you apply all of those techniques you can take a simple password like
"thisismypassword" and turn it into something a little more complex like
"th1ss1smYypa4sSsw0rdD."

-- Salvador Rodriguez

From Tech Now: The business and culture of our digital lives

For more, go to latimes.com/technology

JACKET COPY

U.S. teens lag in learning metrics

American teenagers read at a level below that of most of their European and
Asian counterparts, according to a global education survey released Tuesday.

The Programme for International Student Assessment tests youths around the world
on reading, math and science. More than half a million students, ages 15 and 16,
took the two-hour test last year. The test was administered in 60 countries.

Students in Shanghai and Singapore scored the highest, and well above their
American counterparts in all subjects. Americans scored slightly lower than
German, Irish and British students did in reading. The lowest reading scores
were in Albania, Qatar, Indonesia and Peru.

The study is conducted by the Paris-based Organization for Economic Cooperation
and Development. While U.S. students scored near the global average in reading,
they were 36th in mathematics, performing well below the global average.

-- Hector Tobar

From Jacket Copy: Books, authors and all things bookish

For more go to latimes.com/jacketcopy

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: NEWS STORIES about Toronto Mayor Rob Ford in November would have
filled nearly four years of airtime if read out consecutively on television or
radio.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Nathan Denette Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               42 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           December 7, 2013 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

Experts weigh in on new Mustang

BYLINE: David Undercoffler

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 864 words


How do you go about re-imagining one of the most iconic cars in history?
Carefully.

With Ford looking to pull its sixth-generation Mustang into the 21st century,
the automaker knew it had to tread lightly. At the same time Ford needed to make
the car's "Mustangness" appeal to a younger and more global audience.

"We set out to create a modern interpretation of the Mustang," said Joel
Piaskowski, design director for Ford, which unveiled the car Thursday. "First
and foremost, it had to be a Mustang. From the overall proportions, you might
say yeah, it's keeping up with the times, it has much more of a sports-car-like
proportion."

The redesigned body has a fastback design that hearkens to the car's early days.
It's lower and wider than the older car and the skin stretches over the engine
options: a V-8, a V-6 and a new turbocharged four-cylinder. An updated chassis
now includes an independent rear suspension.

With plenty at stake for the new design, we sought out industry and classic car
experts to weigh in on the new design.

--

Parnelli Jones, former IndyCar, NASCAR racer and team owner.

It's beautiful, and I'm really impressed with the looks of it. I was really
happy they didn't get away from the traditional Mustang look. I was really
impressed they didn't go in a complete different design direction. It looks
pretty sleek aerodynamically. Though they could probably use a little more
spoiler on the back -- like the Mustang Boss 302 Laguna Seca version -- for
high-performance driving, since it's certainly a high-performance car.

The independent rear suspension certainly is an upgrade. We did about as good as
you could do with a solid rear axle. You can do a lot more handling changes with
[independent rear suspension]. It's also a great combination together with the
six-speed manual transmission.

I was shocked to see they were coming out with a four-cylinder turbo. It's
great, I'm really big on turbocharging. I have a Ford Flex with a turbocharged
V-6. This should definitely help pull in the younger generation.

--

Craig Jackson, chairman and chief executive of Barrett-Jackson auction company

When I first saw it, I felt the way I did when I first saw the 2005 version. You
still see it's a Mustang, but it's been updated. This car needs to keep
evolving, and Ford did a wonderful job with the way it's evolved.

It's still got some of that retro look to it, but it's definitely a
modern-looking car, definitely a Mustang when you look at it. This should help
the demographic for the car go younger, like our customers have been. Kids like
the retro and the modern technology together, and I think this car covers that.

The fastback design, that's part of it. It's not as big a change as when the '05
came out, where it really looked like a 1965. But this is still a modern car
with the basic lines and proportions. It's got an aggressive front on it; I love
the headlights. And you can see the wind tunnel design to it; it's got some
aerodynamics to it in the rear.

People who love Mustangs will love this.

--

Dave Sullivan, senior analyst at AutoPacific

It's predictable. It's like they grafted on a Fusion front end to the current
Mustang.

There's nothing earth-shattering or that's going to turn the pony-car world
upside down. If you're looking for an all-new Mustang, this is not an all-new
Mustang. Unlike the new Corvette C7 that was all new from the ground up, this is
pretty much the exact same car with a new rear suspension, a new front end and a
new interior. This is a way of extending the lease on life for this vehicle
without spending massive amounts of cash.

The Mustang has always been a car that doesn't look like any other Ford. This
now at least looks like other Fords on the road; it kind of looks like a Ford
Fusion coupe. Look at the Chevy Camaro; that doesn't look like a Chevy Malibu
coupe.

Whether that's a successful move remains to be seen. They've been losing the
sales battle to the Camaro for a while now, so maybe this is what they need.

--

Stewart Reed, chair, transportation design department, Art Center College of
Design

I'll confess, all the Ford design guys are friends of mine. But I've been
anxious to see it. It's clearly a little more international from what Mustangs
have been. That's a very conscious decision on [Ford's] part to sell this car
around world, and yet it maintains the Mustang-ness and American-ness, which I
think is wanted around the world.

The rear end of the car is unmistakably Mustang and yet new. The front end, the
front face, is also undeniably Mustang. It's definitely enough of a change.
[Ford] navigated this course of incremental advances, and I think they've done
it -- even what you don't see, the chassis and suspension -- with underlying
authenticity.

In a way it's like the Mustang grows up, and I think it's going to have a
broader appeal to different socioeconomic groups too. People looking at European
two-door sporty coupes are really going to be looking at this car too.

I'm hoping it won't be bashful about being American, without an apology about
being a muscle car. Mustang and Camaro are back, and I love those choices in the
marketplace.

--

david.undercoffler@latimes.com

Twitter @latimes_driven

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: THE 2015 FORD MUSTANG is unveiled during a Thursday event at the
TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Luis Sinco Los Angeles Times
PHOTO: PARNELLI JONES is "happy they didn't get away from the traditional
Mustang look."  PHOTOGRAPHER:Jamie Squire Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               43 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            December 6, 2013 Friday
                                  Home Edition

BUSINESS BRIEFING;
AUTOS;
Ford's Mulally not leaving firm

BYLINE: Times Wire Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 107 words


Ford Motor Co. Chief Executive Alan Mulally will stay at the automaker through
2014, Director Edsel Ford II said, reiterating the company's timetable.

Mulally, considered one of the leading candidates to take the CEO job at
Microsoft Corp. when Steve Ballmer steps down, said in a Bloomberg Television
interview that he preferred to talk about the sporty new Mustang rather than the
software company or his commitment to stay at Ford through next year. "There is
no change to the plan," he said.

Microsoft shares fell 2.4%, a drop of about $8 billion in Microsoft's market
capitalization. Ford advanced 0.7% to $16.74 and has climbed 29% this year.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief; Wire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               44 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            December 6, 2013 Friday
                                  Home Edition

Ford unveils all-new Mustang

BYLINE: David Undercoffler

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 362 words


In a global event spanning six cities on four continents, Ford unveiled to the
world the all-new 2015 Mustang on Thursday morning.

The iconic American sports car, now in the sixth generation and celebrating its
50th anniversary, will seek a younger, more global audience when it goes on sale
in late 2014.

"Going forward, Mustang is going to help even more people see Ford differently
around the world and connect with us in more meaningful ways," Joe Hinrichs,
Ford Motor Co.'s executive vice president, said at the Los Angeles debut in
Hollywood. "We are taking Mustang truly global for the first time."

The car, which also made an appearance on Good Morning America, features a
completely redesigned exterior with a fastback rear end that's reminiscent of
the first generation Mustangs of the 1960s.

"The 2015 model takes the Mustang legend in a more aggressive direction," said
Raj Nair, Ford's group vice president. It's lower and wider, though the
wheelbase remains unchanged.

"We set out to create a modern interpretation of the Mustang," said Joel
Piaskowski, the automaker's design director. "First and foremost, it had to be a
Mustang. From the overall proportions, you might say, yeah, it's keeping up with
the times. It has much more of a sports car-like proportion."

With more than half the 5.5 million Facebook fans of the Mustang coming from
outside the U.S., Piaskowski said Ford was eager to use this next generation as
an ambassador. "They appreciate the car for its Americanness, for being a true
American muscle car, sports car," he said. "That's what we're building on."

Under the new skin sits an independent rear suspension -- a first for the
Mustang -- and one of three engine choices.

The base V-6 and range-topping GT with the V-8 remain. In the middle of the
lineup, Ford will now offer a 2.3-liter turbocharged four-cylinder EcoBoost
engine that is aimed at buyers looking for a balance of fuel economy and
performance.

Underscoring Ford's desire for overseas buyers, the automaker unveiled the 2015
Mustang at events in Sydney, Australia; Shanghai; Barcelona, Spain; New York;
Dearborn, Mich.; and L.A.

--

david.undercoffler@latimes.com

Twitter @latimes_driven

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               45 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday
                                  Home Edition

HIGHWAY 1;
New Ford Mustang blends past, present;
Sixth-generation, 50th-anniversary edition retains the essence of late-1960s
models yet reflects aesthetics seen across Ford's lineup

BYLINE: Jerry Hirsch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1830 words


Ford Motor Co. has unleashed the sixth-generation Mustang, the product of a
delicate effort to balance a half century of history with demands for modern
powertrains, technology and styling.

The result retains the essence of the late-1960s fastbacks on which the car's
retro-styled predecessor was based -- a long hood, short rear deck, tri-bar
taillights and a shark-nosed grill.

But the automaker carefully avoided churning out another throwback, instead
seeking to connect the Mustang to the aesthetics seen across its lineup. The
other balancing act: making the quintessential American sports coupe appeal to
buyers in Europe and Asia.

"We wanted to make sure that, at first glance, you know it is a Mustang -- but
at the same time you know it is the next Mustang," said Mark Fields, the
automaker's chief operating officer. "You can go too retro, or you can go too
futuristic."

Though it presented vexing riddles for designers, the 50th-anniversary version
offers no grand departure from the styling that enabled Ford to sell 9 million
Mustangs since its debut at the New York World's Fair on April 17, 1964. The
offering of a four-cylinder turbo engine signals a clear shift toward modernity
and fuel economy, though today's technology gives that small power plant a
whopping 305 horsepower -- equal to that of the vaunted 289 V-8 that powered the
1966 Shelby Mustang.

The standard engine will be a 3.7-liter V-6 with 300 horsepower and 270
pound-feet of torque. But the car would not be a Mustang without the option of a
muscular V-8, a 5.0-liter with an upgraded valve train and cylinder heads that
Ford says will yield more than the current GT's 420 horsepower and 390
pound-feet of torque.

"The Mustang represents the heart, soul and passion of the Ford brand," Fields
said.

The new version goes on sale late next year.

Although the Mustang is still popular, it has lost some of its sales mojo. The
automaker sold as many as 500,000 Mustangs annually in the 1960s but will
struggle to hit 80,000 this year. Since 2009, the archrival Chevrolet Camaro has
led Mustang in annual U.S. sales by a small margin.

That's a big deal to Ford and its dealers.

In a good year, Beau Boeckmann's sprawling Galpin Motors in the San Fernando
Valley will sell 100 Mustangs a month -- at today's prices, about $40 million
worth of pony cars annually. But in recent years his Mustang sales have fallen
to about half their former level as buyers gravitated to the Camaro and sporty
imports.

"There is a point in design where people who are looking for something new and
different go to the hot thing," said Boeckmann, whose family owns the
dealership. "That is exactly what this new Mustang will address."

Playing from behind is not a familiar position for Ford.

The Mustang is the only pony car to maintain continuous production since the
mid-1960s, said Edward Loh, editor in chief of auto enthusiasts magazine Motor
Trend.

"It has dominated all of its rivals, from Camaro to Challenger, even foreign
competition like the Celica Supra and Genesis Coupe," he said.

In the process it has become the industry's cover girl, making the face of Motor
Trend 87 times over the last 50 years.

Ford tried to ignore the Camaro and sales concerns in sketching out the new
Mustang, said Fields, the operations chief.

"Sales crowns are nice to have," he said. "But it is more important to run a
profitable business that has satisfied customers. We are out of the days of
running an individual sales race."

Although Ford's top-selling F-series line of trucks account for far more profit,
the Mustang "is the most iconic name in the Ford family," said Jessica Caldwell,
an analyst with auto information company Edmunds.com. "The new model creates a
buzz that will resonate across the entire brand."

That so-called halo effect is important, but often misunderstood, said James D.
Farley Jr., Ford's executive vice president of global marketing, sales and
service.

"People don't walk into a dealer looking at a Mustang and walk out with a
Fusion," Farley said.

The effect is more subtle, he said, but no less vital to the automaker's image,
sales and profits. "Every point in brand favorability is worth a couple of
hundred dollars in the price of our cars," Farley said.

That's one reason why there was "no end of opinions" on what the new car should
look like coming from management, dealers and enthusiasts, said Ford designer
Joel Piaskowski.

Many debates focused on the front end, which blends a classic Mustang grill with
the modern design language seen in other Fords, notably the Fusion sedan.

At one point the team considered offering two grill designs, one for the
high-powered V-8 version and another for four- and six-cylinder models. Some
grill designs were tossed because they didn't "capture the essence of the
Mustang and still look modern," Piaskowski said.

Headlamps were another issue: An early design featuring smaller lights was
scrapped after a panel of customers said they "didn't feel Mustang enough."

Boeckmann, the dealer, served on a Mustang product advisory committee that
wrestled with the balance of classic and modern.

"The biggest concern was that it would start to look too European," Boeckmann
said. "I think they pulled back from that and got the best balance."

The new model had to have what Piaskowski called the three hallmarks of a
Mustang: the shark nose, the tri-bar tail lamps and the fastback roof profile.

This will be the first Mustang with a push-button start. Paddle shifters are now
standard.

Inside, there is a bit more interior room and trunk space. Ford, with a nod to
selling the car in Europe, has upgraded the interior with stitched leather and
softer materials. But the center console remains a hard plastic throwback, a
victim of the Mustang's production budget and price pressures. In response to
customer complaints, Ford moved the shifter closer to the driver and added a USB
port.

The new vehicle will come in 10 colors, including the traditional racing red as
well as ticket-me versions of competition orange and triple yellow.

And, of course, there will be a convertible -- with a rag top that will open or
close in just seven seconds.

Some Mustang cues got left behind, including the hockey stick pattern that
graced the door panels on previous generations.

Another feature dumped from previous generations is the spare tire, a move to
cut both expense and weight. Buyers can get one as an added option.

Ford can't afford a misfire with the Mustang, said Tom Libby, an analyst with
automotive research firm R.L. Polk & Co.

When the automaker first unveiled the car 50 years ago, it was more of a styling
innovation than a breakthrough car. Motor Trend's original review called the
Mustang a "nice-looking" Falcon, in a nod to the pedestrian small car on which
the Mustang was based.

Leslie Kendall, curator of the Petersen Automotive Museum, owned a '65 Mustang.

"I also had a '65 Falcon," he said. "And I can tell you that under the skin, it
was still a Falcon."

But the Mustang gained sales traction because it looked so different from the
boxy cars of the day and was "peppy, reliable and approachable." And Ford
quickly improved the lineup, offering notable models such as the 1967 Mustang
fastback and many high-performance versions.

Other generations went astray. Constrained by new emissions standards and an oil
crisis, the 1973 version had a timid 150 horsepower packed into a V-8 -- about
half what the standard V-6 in the new model produces.

But recent generations have returned to the formula that made the original a
success, Kendall said, and he expects the 50th-anniversary car to do the same.

"It gives buyers a rewarding driving experience without busting the budget -- a
performance car for regular people," he said.

--

jerry.hirsch@latimes.com

Twitter: @LATimes.Jerry

--

50 years of Mustangs

Thursday's introduction of the sixth-generation of Ford's famous pony car caps
half a century of history -- and yet the car remains instantly recognizable as a
Mustang, with its long hood, vertical taillights and wide mouth of a grill. Here
are highlights of Mustangs that came before.

1962: Ford rolls out the Mustang 1 Concept -- a two-seat, mid-engined sports car
that foreshadowed the signature details of the production model to come: a long
hood, short rear deck and sculpted flanks.

1964: The production Mustang, now a four-seat coupe, makes its world debut April
17, 1964 at the World's Fair in Flushing, New York. The price: $2,268.
Officially badged as 1965 models, these cars later became known among
enthusiasts as "19641/2" Mustangs because of their uncharacteristically early
release.

1966: Mustang sales pass the 1 million mark in March.

1967: Often considered the high-water mark of early Mustang design, the 1967
model boasts more aggressive styling and performance, while evolving carefully
from the original. Four decades later, for the 2005 model year, Ford would issue
a modern-retro Mustang in the image of this 1967 model.

1971: A new generation attempts to make the Mustang more of a luxury coupe --
now some 600 pounds heavier and a foot longer than the original. It marks the
beginning of what many consider a dark era for America's pony car.

1974: Federal demands for fuel economy and pollution control catch the U.S. auto
industry flat-footed. Mustang designers respond by shrinking the car's size and
engine options drastically -- calling the result the "Mustang II." Although they
sold well in their day (and starred in TV's "Charlie's Angels"), most of these
underpowered, Pinto-based cars would die lonely deaths on scrap heaps.

1979: The introduction of the first "Fox chassis" Mustang features a new "Euro"
design, with sleek and boxy sheet metal that nonetheless evokes the fundamentals
of the original.

1985: The introduction of a high-output version of Ford's 5.0-liter,
302-cubic-inch engine boasts 210 horsepower in a lightweight package --
signaling the return of truly muscular Mustangs. "Five-point-oh" Mustangs become
a cultural phenomenon.

1994: A restyled Mustang combines styling elements of the original, such as
sculpted flanks, with a rounded, more aerodynamic look. Ford would later add
sharper creases to the exterior in keeping with an emerging "New Edge" design
ethic across the automaker's lineup.

2002: GM cancels production of the Chevrolet Camaro and Pontiac Firebird,
leaving the Mustang standing alone in the pony car segment Ford pioneered. (The
Camaro would return; the Firebird would fade into history -- along with all of
Pontiac.)

2005: Introducing a fifth- generation, Ford goes all the way with retro design,
essentially building a modern version of the 1967 Mustang fastback. Enthusiasts
and critics cheer the return to roots. Ford would add mild styling tweaks over
the next decade. Performance would hit new heights: The latest base GT has 420
horsepower; high-end Boss and Shelby versions add much more. Speed and handling
surpass all previous Mustangs.

2014: The next Mustang arrives just in time for the 50th anniversary.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: THE LATEST MUSTANG, going on sale late next year, offers no
grand departure from the styling that enabled Ford to sell 9 million Mustangs
since its debut at the 1964 World's Fair in New York.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Ford PHOTO:
THE SIXTH-GENERATION Mustang had to have what Ford designer Joel Piaskowski
called the three hallmarks of a Mustang: the shark nose, the tri-bar tail lamps
and the fastback roof profile.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Ford PHOTO: ALTHOUGH STILL POPULAR,
the Mustang has lost some of its sales mojo. Ford sold as many as 500,000
Mustangs annually in the 1960s but will struggle to hit 80,000 this year. Above,
the sixth-generation Mustang.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Ford PHOTO: THE INTERIOR of the
latest Mustang comes with stitched leather and softer materials.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Ford PHOTO: (A1) STILL VITAL AT 50 Ford unveils the sixth
generation of its iconic Mustang on Thursday. "Mustang represents the heart,
soul and passion of the Ford brand," said one company executive. BUSINESS, B1
PHOTOGRAPHER:Jae C. Hong Associated Press

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Infobox; Chronology

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               46 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            November 29, 2013 Friday
                                  Home Edition

HERO COMPLEX;
A superhero starter kit

BYLINE: Noelene Clark

SECTION: CALENDAR; Entertainment Desk; Part D; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 640 words


Illustrator Jason Ford has long nurtured his love for superheroics, thanks to
the likes of Tintin and classic Marvel comics. Now he's sharing that love in
"The Super Book for Super-Heroes," an oversized activity book complete with
drawing lessons, pop-out masks and more. "The Super Book" from Laurence King
Publishing lets creative kids (or kids at heart) create their own superheroes,
supervillains, sidekicks, secret hide-outs, robots, mad scientists and swamp
creatures. The brightly colored, 128-page activity book includes a decoder
wheel, a pop-out superhero figurine and two pages of stickers. We talked with
Ford about it.

--

What inspired this project? Why an activity book?

Other books on how to draw superheroes looked a bit too technical and dry. They
were more concerned with the anatomical and how to get your drawings to look
like existing characters. I wanted readers to be able to engage straight away by
creating their own superheroes and decide where they lived, who they battled and
what superpowers they had, and so on. They could create story lines and
narratives of their own as they worked through the book. And who doesn't like
making masks and choosing where to put a superhero sticker?

--

You profess a love for "Tintin" comics, and that's definitely apparent in your
work. Why do you love Tintin, and what do you love about that style of drawing?

I came across Tintin when I was about 6 years old. My dad bought a pile [of
comics] from a thrift store. I loved the drawings, the colors and of course the
adventures. There was a real attention to detail. Not just the characters but
the backgrounds. You could tell that the buildings, cars, motorbikes, interiors
and landscapes were lovingly researched, which gave the stories an authenticity.
As a reader you felt you were being transported to believable foreign
destinations on another thrilling escapade.

--

I understand you're also a big Marvel fan. Are there any artists or writers
whose work you find particularly inspiring?

Top of the list would have to be Jack Kirby. His use of line was phenomenal. He
could convey speed, power, explosions, sounds and a whole pantheon of
fantastical effects with such clarity and dynamism. He was responsible for
creating a lot of the classic Marvel characters. A close second is Steve Ditko,
who brought the likes of Spider-Man and Dr. Strange to life. And of course there
was all that fabulous drop-shadow lettering to enjoy in the process.

--

Is there a page or activity in "The Super Book" you're especially proud of?

I like the "Pop Out Superhero" spread. It appeals to the latent model maker in
me. And it actually fits together.

--

Why are there no girl superheroes in the book?

Good question. An oversight on my part. However, if you look on the "Lightning
Bolt" spread, there is a girl superhero on a rooftop. Perhaps this should be the
theme for the next book.

--

The book possesses an all-ages appeal. Was that your intent? Why do you think
superheroes have such universal appeal?

That was definitely the intent. I think the idea of having a superpower appeals
to all ages and is a timeless notion going back to ancient mythologies all over
the world. Being able to fly or be invisible is enormously attractive but it
also questions how we would use such powers, for the general good or for more
nefarious purposes?

--

What would you keep in your superhero utility belt? What would your superpower
be?

My superpower would be for me to be able to point at someone who had committed a
misdemeanor (especially those who dump garbage out of their car window) and they
would instantly soil themselves. And not being a completely callous person, I
would toss the victim a packet of baby wipes that I would have an endless supply
of in my utility belt. This would suggest I would be doing quite a lot of
pointing.

--

noelene.clark@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: (no caption)  PHOTOGRAPHER:Lawrence King Publishing PHOTO: (no
caption)  PHOTOGRAPHER:Lawrence King Publishing PHOTO: "THE SUPER BOOK for
Super-Heroes" has a galaxy of activities for creative-types of all ages.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Lawrence King Publishing

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Interview

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               47 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           November 28, 2013 Thursday
                                  Home Edition

Concepts to care about;
Several brands roll them out at the L.A. Auto Show. These are the ones worth
seeing.

BYLINE: David Undercoffler

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1106 words


With all the flashy sheet metal automakers brought to the 2013 L.A. Auto Show
competing for attention, it can be difficult to tell what to care about and what
will never see daylight.

Brands including BMW, Subaru, Mercedes-Benz, Ford, Honda, Jaguar, Nissan,
Hyundai, Infiniti and Volkswagen all brought concepts in varying forms of
reality. Here's a list of the few worth your time and why.

Jaguar C-X17

This crossover is going to be produced. To be clear, Jaguar hasn't officially
confirmed it. But bring this up to anyone wearing a shirt with a Jaguar label on
it, and you're met with more winks and nudges than the back room of city hall.

Consider the facts. Jaguar has a history of showing a concept car with a goofy
name, only to turn around 18 to 24 months later with a nearly identical vehicle
ready for sale to the public. This is what it did with the F-Type Coupe --
revealed a day before this year's L.A. Auto Show. We first saw that stunner in
concept form at the 2011 Frankfurt Auto Show when it was called the C-X16.

The concept's relatively straightforward design also makes production likely.
This isn't a far-out "Jetsons" car with weird design quirks that would never
reach production. The concept already looks like something you could buy at your
local Jaguar dealership.

Jaguar has also made no bones about expanding its lineup to more volume-oriented
vehicles. With an all-new compact sedan confirmed for 2015 or 2016, Jaguar has
said it would use the same all-aluminum platform for that sedan and this
crossover. If it reaches production. Wink.

Honda FCEV Concept

This one looks like something from "The Jetsons." Or Master Chief's helmet from
Halo. But underneath a body that won't see the road this decade is a drivetrain
that will in the next two years.

Honda -- along with Hyundai and Toyota -- announced recently they're betting big
on hydrogen fuel cell cars. Despite a dearth of infrastructure (quick, find your
nearest hydrogen station), these brands think hydrogen fuel cell cars have a
promising future.

They offer the range and refueling times of a traditional gas engine that
current electric cars can't. Costs are still high, but like any emerging
technology, they're dropping quickly (the Toyota FCV concept that debuted at the
Tokyo Motor Show last week will probably sell for around $50,000 when it goes on
sale in two years). And most hydrogen fuel cell vehicles emit only water, a huge
plus for an automaker looking to meet emission regulations in the U.S. and
abroad that will get tougher later this decade.

California is one of the states leading the charge into a greener future,
requiring 15% of all vehicles sold in 2025 to be zero emissions. Nine other
states have adopted the same requirements.

Though there are only a handful of hydrogen stations currently open in
California, as much as $20 million a year is being spent on building new
stations. This means 28 hydrogen refueling areas could be open in California's
major urban areas by 2015, and up to 100 in the next five years, according to
the California Fuel Cell Partnership.

Subaru Legacy Concept

With a low-slung, coupe-like profile, this sexy concept is an indication of
where Subaru plans to take the next Legacy mid-size sedan.

Subaru fans should expect the production version to be a bit more homely when it
likely debuts at an auto show in 2014 as a 2015 model. This seems to be an
unfortunate trend with the Japanese automaker. It showed a brilliantly designed
WRX concept at the 2013 New York Auto Show in April. Fast forward to the
production WRX that Subaru unveiled at this L.A. show: Things got a lot more
mundane.

Of course, bet on all-wheel-drive being integral to the next Legacy's ethos.
Same for a Continuously Variable Transmission, or CVT, which Subaru has been
using in a variety of models to offset the fuel economy penalty of all-wheel
drives. Even the new WRX will offer a CVT as an option.

Nissan Sentra Nismo

Just build this car already, Nissan. Throw some license plates on the one at the
L.A. show and you could practically drive it home. Just avoid speed bumps --
Nissan went heavy on the body cladding.

Built to showcase Nissan's burgeoning Nismo performance line, this concept takes
the lukewarm Sentra introduced for the 2013 model year and adds some fun to it.

The 1.8-liter four-cylinder engine remains, but now it's turbocharged for 240
horsepower and 240 pound-feet of torque. Nissan jettisoned the CVT in favor of a
six-speed manual transmission, and added a limited-slip differential. Brembo
brakes from the 370Z, 19-inch wheels and Recaro seats also up the sport
quotient.

Nissan hasn't confirmed it will bring this to the production world, but expect
it. The Nismo version of the oddball Juke crossover is now in production, and
Nissan made big news at the L.A. show with the "I'm-off-my-meds" Nismo edition
of the GT-R, which Nissan says will roar from zero to 60 mph in two seconds. A
Nismo Sentra wouldn't quite be that fast, but it would give Nissan something it
could actually sell to the masses.

Ford Edge Concept

Ignoring the massive panoramic roof and the iPads bolted to the front seats and
you're looking at the next Ford Edge. This upright crossover slots into Ford's
lineup between the compact Escape crossover and the three-row Explorer and will
probably debut in production form in 2014.

Although not as popular as its crossover stablemates, the Edge has proved a
strong seller for Ford in the U.S. and abroad, and the new model hopes to use
bolder styling to capitalize on that and further set itself apart from the
Explorer and Escape.

The production version of this crossover will share a platform with the Ford
Fusion mid-size sedan. Powertrain details weren't announced but expect a
turbocharged four-cylinder EcoBoost engine and a six-cylinder -- possibly
turbocharged.

Technology will be another asset for the Edge, at which the concept hints. Ford
says the concept has collision avoidance features that will automatically take
evasive action, and a parallel parking feature that doesn't even need a driver
onboard.

Mercedes-Benz Vision Gran Turismo

This car doesn't have a snowball's chance in reaching production. But it does
tease at what's next in the sports car realm for Mercedes.

With the announcement that the SLS Final Edition -- also on display in L.A. --
would be the last of that full-bodied sports car, the tri-star brand is looking
to debut a new sports car in 2014.

That model will be called the GT AMG and will target the Porsche 911 directly in
a way that the current grand-touring SL can't. Expect to see elements of this
Vision concept in that GT model.

--

david.undercoffler@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: THE BODY OF HONDA'S FCEV concept won't see the road this decade
but its drivetrain will in the next two years. The automaker announced recently
that it's betting big on hydrogen fuel cell cars.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Bob Chamberlin
Los Angeles Times PHOTO: JAGUAR'S C-X17 has a relatively straightforward design
that makes production of the crossover likely.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Christina House For
The Times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               48 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            November 24, 2013 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

{ LOOKS };
Tom Ford's face sells skin care

BYLINE: Ingrid Schmidt

SECTION: IMAGE; Features Desk; Part P; Part P; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 295 words


Fashion designer Tom Ford may be as well known for his impeccably groomed looks
as he is for his flawless tailoring. So it was no surprise when he introduced a
line of eight men's grooming products this month or when he noted that the
collection was inspired by his own personal skin care regimen.

"I think I am one of the few male designers who could actually sell skin care
because I am 51 and, on a good day, I don't look 51," Ford told us, with a lack
of modesty that somehow seemed justified for a guy whose name is a Jay Z song
title ("Tom Ford" on the "Magna Carta Holy Grail" album).

The Tom Ford for Men Skincare and Grooming Collection ($48-$150 at Neiman Marcus
stores and www.neimanmarcus.com) is the latest addition to Ford's growing beauty
empire, which includes men's and women's fragrances, women's skin care and a
full range of color cosmetics, all developed with the Estee Lauder Cos. Inc.

Beyond Dopp kit essentials -- cleanser, moisturizer and lip balm -- the line
also features items that Ford may consider basic, even if the masses of manhood
have yet to hit his level of skin care perfection. These include an eye
treatment, mud mask, skin revitalizing treatment oil, concealer and bronzing
gel.

Some guys may need a little persuading to break out a concealer stick, but Ford
touts it as a fast camouflage for razor nicks and under-eye circles. The name of
his Anti-Fatigue Eye Treatment plays to its practical benefits, targeting the
effects of travel, a late night out or signs of aging.

"Most men don't think in terms of looking younger or more beautiful; they care
about not looking fatigued," Ford says. "Tired, dulled skin makes you look and
feel less confident and empowered."

And Ford seems to be one confident and empowered guy.

--

image@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: "ON A GOOD day, I don't look 51," designer Tom Ford says.
PHOTOGRAPHER:From Tom Ford PHOTO: PURIFYING Face Cleanser is a Dopp kit
essential in Ford's new men's skin care line, $48.  PHOTOGRAPHER: Ted Morrison
PHOTO: OIL-FREE Daily Moisturizer is a basic item in the skin care line, $105.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Ted Morrison PHOTO: CONCEALER'S name, Anti-Fatigue Eye Treatment,
explains its secret mission, $75.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Ted Morrison

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               49 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            November 24, 2013 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

HOW I MADE IT: GREG DOLLARHYDE;
Fired up over vegetables

BYLINE: Tiffany Hsu

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 882 words


The gig: Greg Dollarhyde, 61, runs Veggie Grill, where the CEO title, he says,
stands for "chief energizing officer." The Santa Monica fast-casual restaurant
chain, which serves all plant-based food, was launched in 2006. The number of
units doubled this year to 26 stores, and revenue is growing more than 50% a
year. In more than four decades in the restaurant industry, Dollarhyde has
served as the executive chairman or chief executive of eight businesses,
including Baja Fresh Mexican Grill and Zoes Kitchen, and as chief financial
officer for two public companies.

All but the picket fence: Dollarhyde's childhood in the San Fernando Valley was
"just like 'American Graffiti,' " the 1973 baby boomer coming-of-age film by
director George Lucas. There were baseball games in the street, skateboards,
go-carts, a dog, a younger sister. Dollarhyde would cruise in his Ford Falcon
Sprint down Van Nuys Boulevard to Bob's Big Boy or a drive-in movie. He started
working at age 14, selling flowers on corners, doing kitchen prep in a
restaurant, even enduring a short stint as a gas station attendant. "By 17, I
was ready to be on my own," he said.

Start-up upsets: Dollarhyde moved to Newport Beach to help two friends launch a
steakhouse. For a month, he worked at the eatery during the day and slept on the
booths inside at night. Within a year and a half, one of Dollarhyde's partners
had embezzled the restaurant's money and disappeared with his girlfriend. "It's
funny now, but it wasn't funny then," Dollarhyde said. With his remaining
partner, he went to Lake Tahoe to open a restaurant called Harvest Moon. Three
years later, a gas crisis hit, tourist traffic dwindled and a chain restaurant
nearby began heavily discounting. "It was game over," Dollarhyde said. Flat
broke, he fled to San Francisco to wait tables. "I swore I would never do
start-ups again," he said. "I learned my lesson at age 23."

Money on the mind: At age 19, Dollarhyde was sitting in a lecture at Orange
Coast College about how Social Security would run dry, leaving his generation
struggling to retire. He decided that he didn't want to end up financially in
the cold. "I just worked hard ever since," he said. "I've lived my life that way
for the past 30 years, and it's worked. It's paid great dividends for me."

Class connections: In 1980, Dollarhyde graduated fourth in his class at Cornell
University's hotel school and then earned his MBA from the business school a
year later. Later, while chief financial officer at TGI Fridays, he hired former
classmate Stephen King, who is now the chief executive of Dave & Buster's.

A happy business: Dollarhyde said he loves the restaurant industry because its
members are "generally optimistic people." That's even though it can be "a very
brutal business, especially when you're off trend or there's a better mousetrap
opening next door." Dollarhyde said he gets satisfaction from watching people
enjoying themselves in an eatery that six months before was an empty lot. "When
you hit a home run, that's fun," he said.

Game play: But it's not all food for Dollarhyde. Convinced that American youth
were moving from video game consoles to online play, he became one of the first
angel investors in game publisher Riot Games Inc. He was also the Santa Monica
company's chairman for two years, he said. Since then, Riot's "League of
Legends" game has become the most-played video game globally, with 32 million
players a month. Dollarhyde said he's earned double-digit multiples of returns
on his investment. "Invest in things you see people using and doing," he said.

A voluntary vegan: Every morning, Dollarhyde downs "a nutritious bomb of a
breakfast drink" with fresh kale and Swiss chard from his garden along with
blueberries, raspberries and other fruit. He eats at Veggie Grill daily. Since
taking over the CEO job in 2011, he's shunned meat and dairy products. But his
diet had lightened steadily over the last two decades, after a doctor showed him
an image of his heart speckled with damaging plaque. Now, he says his energy
level is as high as it's ever been. "I'm not trying to preach," he said.
"There's just so much research that's come along that suggests you are what you
eat."

Balancing work: Dollarhyde said he works as many as 12 hours a day, 5 1/2 days a
week. He exercises -- yoga, Pilates, hiking, biking and more -- on Saturdays and
sometimes visits his mother in an assisted-living facility. On Sundays, he hangs
out with his entrepreneur girlfriend, with whom he lives in Malibu. In the past,
he used to surf, but now "it's just too crowded for a rookie like me," he said.
He snowboards, as do his two sons, who are 20 and 23. He also has a daughter,
who is 26 and a vegan. Dollarhyde quit heli-boarding in remote terrain years
ago, after a close friend was killed in an avalanche.

Advice to entrepreneurs: Have a positive attitude, don't act entitled and know
your stuff, Dollarhyde said. "Show up ready to play," he said. And with the
advent of crowd-funding, "there's so much money around waiting to back people
with the right idea," he said. He also touts author Malcolm Gladwell's theory
that 10,000 hours of practice breeds expertise. "It seems insurmountable,"
Dollarhyde said. "But it's not."

--

tiffany.hsu@latimes.com

Twitter: @tiffhsulatimes

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: GREG DOLLARHYDE, CEO of the fast-casual chain Veggie Grill, says
his title stands for "chief energizing officer." He became the chain's CEO in
2011.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Katie Falkenberg Los Angeles Times

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Profile

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               50 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           November 21, 2013 Thursday
                                  Home Edition

BUSINESS BRIEFING;
ENERGY;
Devon buying Texas oil assets

BYLINE: Times Wire Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 101 words


Devon Energy Corp. is buying oil-producing assets and other property in the
Eagle Ford shale formation in Texas from GeoSouthern Energy for $6 billion.

Oklahoma City-based Devon was a pioneer in combining the use of horizontal
drilling with hydraulic fracturing to free up natural gas from shale rock
formations. That led to a boom in natural gas production last decade, but the
increased drilling created a glut that depressed natural gas prices. Devon
continued to concentrate its operations in natural gas, even as other companies
refocused on making profits from drilling for oil in states such as Texas.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief; Wire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               51 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                          November 20, 2013 Wednesday
                                  Home Edition

Ford set to show off new Mustang

BYLINE: Jerry Hirsch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 590 words


Get ready for the new Ford Mustang.

At the start of the L.A. Auto Show on Tuesday, Ford Motor Co. said it would
unveil the sixth generation of the original Pony Car at events Dec. 5 in Los
Angeles, New York and Dearborn, Mich.

The new version is expected to go on sale next year, 50 years after the first
Mustang, a 1965 model, debuted April 17, 1964, at the New York World's Fair.

Ford is closely guarding details on the most recognizable car ever to bear the
blue oval. Horsepower, engine choices and fuel economy figures will come in
December.

The automaker will say this much: You won't mistake this car for anything but a
Mustang. Legions of Mustang faithful know that probably means a long hood, short
rear deck and gobs of horsepower. (There will be no second coming of the 1974
Mustang II, the Pinto-based miniature Mustang that sold from 1974 to 1978 -- and
the least likely to become a classic.)

But there's no shortage of opinions on what the new model should be like, said
Joel Piaskowski, the Ford design director responsible for generation six.

"Everybody has in their own mind what they think is a Mustang," Piaskowski said.
"We hear it from our customer; we heard it from our management."

In approaching the new model, Piaskowski said he was cognizant of "50 years of
gravity" to honor.

There are 200 Mustang clubs globally, even one in remote Iceland. The car has
5.3 million Facebook fans, a majority of them outside the U.S. It has been
featured on postage stamps, watches and luggage, and even has had its own
fragrance. Singers as distant in time and place as Chuck Berry and Katy Perry
have sung about the Mustang.

"In places like Germany and Brazil where we don't even sell a Mustang, the car
is one of the top 10 nameplates connected with the brand," said James Farley
Jr., Ford's executive vice president of global marketing, sales and service.

"It is not just about going fast for the performance," Farley said. People
gravitate to the Mustang to take a "long trip up the coast on PCH or to drive
with an open top."

That worldwide appeal is one reason why the new Mustang will be sold overseas.

This is going to be a global vehicle for Ford. It will also host debuts in
Barcelona, Spain; Shanghai; and Sydney, Australia.

But that creates a design challenge for the car company, said Dave Sullivan,
manager of product analysis for consulting firm AutoPacific Inc.

"The Mustang will have to be appealing to a wider group of people than ever
before in terms of appearance and design," he said. "They will need a more
European rather than retro interior."

The automaker has sold about 9 million Mustangs over the last five decades. Some
were notable, such as the 1968 Mustang fastback and several high-powered Shelby
Cobra iterations.

Others went awry.

Constrained by new emissions standards and an oil crisis, the 1973 version had a
timid 150 horsepower packed into a V-8, less than half what the standard V-6 in
the current model produces today.

Ford can't afford a misfire with this new-generation Mustang, said Tom Libby, an
analyst with automotive research firm R.L. Polk & Co.

"It is the symbol of the brand," Libby said.

Over the decades, Mustang has been the top car in what is considered the
mid-size sport segment of the auto industry. But back in 2009 it was surpassed
in U.S. sales by its archrival, the Chevrolet Camaro, and has trailed ever
since.

Through the first 10 months of 2013, Chevrolet has sold 70,484 Camaros,
according to Autodata Corp. Ford has sold 66,083 Mustangs.

--

jerry.hirsch@latimes.com

Twitter: @latimesjerry

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               52 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            November 18, 2013 Monday
                                  Home Edition

In health law tussle, young are the prize;
Obamacare's backers and opponents vie to recruit people in the crucial
demographic.

BYLINE: Maeve Reston

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; National Desk; Part A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1207 words


The raucous scene at a University of Miami tailgate party on a recent weekend
might have seemed an unlikely spot for a debate over Obamacare. But with six
dozen pizzas in hand, the youthful staffers from Generation Opportunity rolled
up in Hummers and Ford F-150s to claim their spot.

With "DJ Joey" spinning electronic dance beats, the group lured Miami's revelers
to their tent with beer pong tables and plenty of swag, including bottle openers
and beer cozies bearing the group's logo on a black-and-white pill capsule: "Opt
Out."

They were seeking to keep out of President Obama's healthcare plan a group that,
more than any other, must be in the program for it to succeed. Eighteen- to
34-year-olds, that demographic group courted relentlessly by television
advertisers and presidential candidates, are needed in the insurance exchanges
to offset, with their youth and health, the pool of older and sicker Americans
expected to sign up.

So the battle for their hearts is unfolding this fall on campuses such as
Miami's. Conservative groups including Generation Opportunity -- which counts
the Koch brothers among its major donors -- are trying to push young people away
from the exchanges and toward shopping for private-market plans at websites like
Esurance, which over time could cause the collapse of Obamacare by driving up
its prices.

Groups aligned with Obama, such as Enroll America and the Young Invincibles,
have marshaled their own teams to find and help sign up young people for plans
through the insurance exchanges.

Generation Opportunity President Evan Feinberg said his group's sales pitch had
benefited from the rocky rollout of the federal website healthcare.gov, which
serves as the portal to buy insurance in 36 states, as well as from
well-publicized cancellation notices from insurance companies.

"What the early numbers are showing is that this is getting to be a worse and
worse deal for young Americans," Feinberg said during an interview at his
Arlington, Va., office, where the sound of a ping-pong game was the first to
greet a recent visitor.

White House allies are quick to counter with studies such as a late October
Department of Health and Human Services analysis of data in 34 states, which
showed that nearly half of uninsured single young adults may be able to purchase
a plan for $50 a month or less after tax credits.

There is little hard data to indicate which side is winning. When announcing the
low enrollment figures last week, Kathleen Sebelius, the secretary of Health and
Human Services, declined to offer any breakdown of enrollees' ages.

Only a handful of states have released such data. In Kentucky, where the
state-run exchange has been operating smoothly, 41% of the first 40,572
enrollees in private plans and the Medicaid expansion were under 35. Maryland
and Connecticut released early statistics showing consumers were younger than
expected.

In Washington state, which has been a bright spot among the states operating
their own exchanges, 23% of the 6,351 who have signed up for private plans are
18 to 34 years old; 39% are 35 to 54 years old; and 37% are in the 55-64 age
bracket.

But health and industry experts have said the numbers of enrollees are still so
small, it is difficult to predict a trend. (The Obama administration hopes to
enroll at least 7 million people in this first round, including 2.7 million
people ages 18 to 34.)

It is also unclear how Obama's decision last week to ask insurance companies to
let Americans keep their canceled plans will affect the overall pool of
enrollees. Many of the Americans whose plans were canceled are young adults who
had chosen less expensive coverage.

"It's too early now to know how many people are going to enroll and what the age
and health of that population is going to look like," said Robert Zirkelbach,
spokesman for America's Health Insurance Plans.

Obama allies have repeatedly pointed to the experience with the Massachusetts
healthcare law. There, sign-ups among the young, healthy population increased
dramatically toward the end of the enrollment period, which, in the case of the
federal program, extends through March.

Besides procrastination, there are several reasons younger customers are harder
to secure. Those under 26 can stay on their parents' policies unless their own
jobs offer insurance. Surveys also show that the group is confused about its
options, highly price conscious, and -- most important in terms of the political
fight -- still unsure whether the healthcare law is good or bad for them.

Bill McInturff of Public Opinion Strategies, who conducts the NBC/Wall Street
Journal poll with Hart Research Associates, said younger Americans' approval of
the healthcare law sank in the midst of the disastrous October rollout. From
2009 through most of 2013, a plurality of 18- to 34-year-olds said they thought
the law was a good idea. In October, for the first time, a plurality of that age
group said it was a bad idea.

At the same time, Mollyann Brodie, director of public opinion and survey
research for the Kaiser Family Foundation, said her research had consistently
shown that many young Americans were eager for health insurance and struggling
to pay medical bills -- making the term often used to describe them, "young
invincibles," a misnomer.

Brodie said many young adults remained "very confused." In a recent survey, she
said, the "vast majority" of young uninsured adults in California said they
didn't think they would be eligible for subsidies, even though their incomes
suggested they would.

"Most of them who probably will be [eligible] don't know it," Brodie said.
"There is a real disconnect out there about the financial help that's
available."

Groups on both sides are trying to fill the information vacuum.

Well-financed groups aligned with Obama like Enroll America and Organizing for
America are arming their supporters -- particularly mothers -- with talking
points to help persuade young adults to get on the government website and shop
for options over the Thanksgiving holiday.

On the other side, Generation Opportunity, working with partner groups such as
College Republicans and Young Americans for Liberty, is planning more stops on
its college tour and its efforts to shadow pro-Obamacare groups at every turn.

Generation Opportunity is offering its allies "opt out kits" -- boxes filled
with banners, cozies and literature -- that it mails out from its Virginia
office, which has the feel of a slick high-tech firm with a floor-to-ceiling
white board, for scribbling ideas, on one wall in almost every room. (The group
also has a viral Web ad series, featuring an Uncle Sam figure who menaces
patients, which has drawn 4 million views.)

At its events, Generation Opportunity has used iPads to sign up young people for
an "opt out" pledge, thus amassing a list of names and email addresses to be
used later. Feinberg acknowledges that his side's digital campaign lagged last
year, but he said it had learned from the experience.

Obama's backers have "only scratched the surface of what the digital world can
offer," he said. "It not only won't take long at all to start competing with
what they've done, but there's a lot of room to leapfrog" past them, he said.

--

maeve.reston@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: A SUPPORTER of the healthcare law, right, talks with a student
at Santa Monica College last month. Opponents have been targeting college
students too, hoping to steer them away from the insurance exchanges.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Robyn Beck AFP/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               53 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           November 16, 2013 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

Toronto mayor's power curtailed

BYLINE: Carol J. Williams

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; Foreign Desk; Part A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 412 words


Toronto City Council members voted overwhelmingly Friday to strip Mayor Rob Ford
of his powers of appointment and emergency rule, an act of damage control as the
leader of Canada's biggest city continues to provoke scandal and revulsion.

The City Council voted 39 to 3 to take away Ford's power to hire or fire the
deputy mayor and chairs of the city's standing committees, Canadian news reports
said. Another session is set for Monday at which council members plan to
transfer most of the mayor's duties, staff and budget to the office of Deputy
Mayor Norm Kelly.

Ford, 44, admitted last week that he had smoked crack cocaine "in one of my
drunken stupors," but only after a video showing him in the act was found by
police in a related drug investigation. Ford had denied reports that began in
May that there was recorded evidence of his illegal drug use.

Two days after Ford's confession, the Toronto Star acquired another video that
showed Ford flailing in a profane tirade in which he threatened to kill someone.

Ford has apologized profusely for what he terms "mistakes," but has rejected
calls for him to resign or take leave and address his drug and alcohol problems.
He insists he is not an addict.

On Thursday, the embattled mayor horrified even his closest allies when he
responded to new allegations revealed in police investigation documents that he
had driven drunk, sexually harassed a female staffer and taken suspected
prostitutes to his office.

The mayor angrily denounced the claims made in interviews with investigators and
used vulgar language on live national television to dispute the accusation that
he had told the female staffer that he wanted to perform oral sex.

Ford later apologized for his "graphic remarks." As he has since the allegations
of crack use surfaced six months ago, he blamed the stress brought upon him by
the news media for his behavior.

Unlike in most U.S. states and cities, there is no mechanism for holding a
recall election in Toronto and the City Council lacks the authority to remove an
elected mayor unless he is convicted of a felony and imprisoned.

Ford vowed after the vote to take legal action against the council members for
what he considered an illegal move to curb his authority.

On Monday, the City Council will vote on whether to bestow "all powers and
duties which are not by statute assigned to the mayor" to his deputy until the
next mayoral election in October, the Globe and Mail said.

--

carol.williams@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               54 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           November 14, 2013 Thursday
                                  Home Edition

Toronto City Council asks Ford to step down

BYLINE: Carol J. Williams

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; Foreign Desk; Part A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 279 words


Toronto city leaders on Wednesday urged disgraced Mayor Rob Ford to resign or
take a leave of absence to "address your challenges privately," calling his
admission of smoking crack cocaine a stain on the city's reputation.

But the embarrassing spectacle in Canada's largest city continued to spin out of
control, with Ford conceding under questioning by City Council members that he
has bought illegal drugs in the last two years.

News commentators described the showdown at City Hall as a kind of "public
intervention" to force a substance abuser to confront his addictions.

As the City Council members assembled for discussion of a motion calling for
Ford to step down or take a leave to address his personal problems, the mayor
was accused of using his considerable girth to block the councilman bringing the
motion of censure against him, CTV and others reported.

City Councilman Denzil Minnan-Wong said Ford had approached him "in a
threatening manner."

Minnan-Wong's motion, supported by all but two council members, calls on the
mayor to step down for the good of the city. It has no power of enforcement,
however, as Toronto's municipal covenant doesn't provide for recall elections
and City Council members can't remove an elected mayor.

In addition, 30 of the city's 44 council members signed a letter asking Ford to
step down.

At one point, Minnan-Wong asked Ford whether he had purchased illegal drugs
within the last two years.

After a long pause, Ford replied: "Yes, I have."

The mayor last week admitted smoking crack about a year earlier, "in one of my
drunken stupors."

Ford, 44, reiterated that he intends to run for reelection next October.

--

carol.williams@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               55 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                          November 13, 2013 Wednesday
                                  Home Edition

Lincoln MKC is latest bid to regain luxury reputation;
The model seeks to appeal to downsizing baby boomers and young families.

BYLINE: David Undercoffler

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 826 words


When Lincoln pulls the wraps off its 2014 MKC crossover in New York on Wednesday
morning, most observers will pay little mind to the two simple knobs controlling
stereo volume and tuning.

But such seemingly insignificant details may say more about the direction at
Ford's luxury brand than the fact that this is an all-new model, or the first
Lincoln fitted with a new turbocharged engine. The old-school knobs -- replacing
touch-screen controls that many owners hated in other Lincolns -- signal that
the brand is listening intently to customers.

Lincoln has little choice: Once a dominant luxury brand, the choice of
presidents and movie stars, the brand now finds itself in a full-scale
reinvention aimed at reversing a long downward spiral in sales. The brand plans
four new models by 2016. MKC is the second, behind the MKZ sedan launched last
year. With the stakes high -- Lincoln is Ford's only hope in the high-profit
luxury segment -- no detail is too small to correct, said Max Wolff, Lincoln's
design chief.

"We've obviously reacted to some 'feedback' that we've gotten" regarding the
previous setup, said Wolff, Lincoln's design chief.

Wolff and a team from Lincoln were in Los Angeles last week to give a sneak peek
of the MKC before Wednesday's unveiling in New York. The MKC is a welcome sight
for Lincoln and its dealers, who are desperate for a sales hit.

"This is one of the more important launches for Lincoln in recent memory," said
Tom Libby, lead analyst at Polk.

The compact crossover segment in which the MKC will compete has quadrupled its
market share in five years and is expected to continue to grow over the next
five years.

The MKC will fill a crucial hole in the brand's lineup when it goes on sale in
late spring 2014. The trouble is that nearly every other luxury automaker is
rushing into the crossover segment with new models, including some that already
have a strong foothold, such as BMW, Mercedes-Benz and Lexus.

BMW launched a smaller X1 a year ago to complement its X3. Mercedes will use the
2013 Los Angeles Auto Show to unveil to North America a smaller GLA crossover,
priced below its popular GLK. Also on display at the Los Angeles show will be an
all-new small crossover from Porsche called the Macan and a crossover concept
from Jaguar.

On the other side of the globe next week, Lexus will display its LF-NX concept
at the Tokyo Motor Show that teases a new crossover, and Audi says that it will
have a smaller Q3 crossover for sale in the U.S. by the end of 2014.

Still, Lincoln believes it can emerge from the scrum with a big boost in sales.

"This segment is blowing up right now," said Andrew Frick, the head of Lincoln's
marketing. "There's a lot of growth, and it's not being dominated by any one
player. It's very evenly spread out."

The growth is spurred by several factors. Baby boomers who have driven larger
luxury vehicles are now downsizing, but they aren't willing to give up
amenities. Younger families looking to get into a luxury vehicle for the first
time now have more money to spend, thanks to an improving economy.

And every automaker with hopes of surviving into the next decade knows that it
needs strong sales in China, where Lincoln plans to start selling vehicles in
2014.

The MKC is loosely based on the Ford Escape. It will come in front-wheel-drive
or all-wheel-drive configurations and it will be powered by one of two
turbocharged four-cylinder EcoBoost engines.

Base models will have a 2.0-liter power plant with 240 horsepower and 270
pound-feet of torque. Optional will be an all-new 2.3-liter turbocharged engine
with 275 horsepower and 300 pound-feet of torque.

Our walk-around last week indicated that the team at Lincoln is getting better
at hiding its vehicles' modest Ford roots.

The exterior styling is fresh and athletic, intended to attract a younger
customer.

"We wanted it to be the most youthful Lincoln yet," Wolff said.

The front continues the brand's split-wing grille design, while the rear is
highlighted by a dramatic one-piece, wraparound liftgate.

The interior is nicely fitted with matte wood trim and ultra-soft leathers;
style and craftsmanship far exceed the lesser Escape.

Safety and technology features include active collision avoidance, lane-keeping
assist, a system that parks (and unparks) the MKC, and a smartphone app that
owners can use for specific functions such as starting the vehicle remotely and
setting the climate control.

But Lincoln sought to avoid overloading the MKC with apps of dubious value, a
common flaw in many tech-laden cars.

"We've done some research on which ones are important," Scott Tobin, head of
Lincoln product development, said. "We didn't want to have it be like your
blinking VCR clock, where nobody uses them."

Many consumers are likely to appreciate the moderated approach to technology. At
the least, they will welcome the return, after a four-year absence, of simple
stereo knobs.

--

david.undercoffler@latimes.com

Twitter: @latimes_driven

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: "WE WANTED IT to be the most youthful Lincoln yet," Lincoln
design chief Max Wolff said of the MKC.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Lincoln

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               56 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            November 11, 2013 Monday
                                  Home Edition

SPRINT CUP NOTES;
Edwards plays the fuel badly, finishes 21st

BYLINE: Jim Peltz

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Desk; Part C; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 310 words

DATELINE:  AVONDALE, ARIZ.


Carl Edwards never saw it coming.

Edwards was poised to win Sunday's NASCAR race at Phoenix International Raceway
when his No. 99 Ford ran out of fuel as he entered the last lap, enabling Kevin
Harvick to win.

"I had no clue we were going to run out," Edwards said.

His crew chief, Jimmy Fennig, "talked to me about saving a little bit to have
some extra, and I did that a couple of laps, but Kevin closed in and was
obviously not saving fuel," Edwards said.

Edwards, who coasted to a 21st-place finish, said "we did everything right, we
just miscalculated that one part and that's NASCAR. You've got to be perfect."

Edwards also bumped Jimmie Johnson at one point, which, had Johnson not been
able to save his car from hitting the wall, could have jeopardized Johnson's
title hopes.

"I definitely did not mean to hit him," Edwards said. "I'm just glad he saved
it."

--

Earnhardt finishes strong

Dale Earnhardt Jr. finished fourth after a roller-coaster day.

He started 11th and was running sixth when his No. 88 Chevrolet developed a
vibration after a pit stop.

The problem was a loose wheel, forcing Earnhardt to pit again and dropping him
deep into the field, one lap down to the leaders. But Earnhardt gradually clawed
his way back.

"We had a fast car," Earnhardt said, adding that a later pit-stop strategy by
his crew chief, Steve Letarte, helped get him back into the top 10.

"I was really happy with the way we were able to rebound," Earnhardt said.

--

Patrick's long day

Danica Patrick had another rough race as she prepares to wrap up her rookie
Sprint Cup season.

After starting 32nd, she quickly fell two laps down to the leaders and then was
involved in a multi-car wreck that damaged the rear of her No. 10 Chevrolet.

After repairs, she finished 33rd. Patrick entered the race with an average
finish of 26th this season.

--

james.peltz@latimes.com

Twitter: @PeltzLATimes

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Carl Edwards  PHOTOGRAPHER:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               57 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           November 9, 2013 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

Force family covers all bases for NHRA;
John, Brittany and Courtney rule marquee. In top fuel, Langdon and Brown duel
for the lead.

BYLINE: Mike DiGiovanna

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Desk; Part C; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 443 words


It's been a challenging, rewarding and revealing year for America's first family
of drag racing, the Forces of Yorba Linda.

John Force, the 64-year-old patriarch, was in fifth place in the Mello Yello
Series funny car standings in July before a switch to a new chassis on his
Castrol GTX Ford Mustang vaulted him toward his 16th title, which he clinched in
Las Vegas two weeks ago. He followed that up Friday by leading the funny car
qualifying at this weekend's season-ending Auto Club NHRA Finals in Pomona.

His 27-year-old daughter, Brittany Force is concluding her rookie season in the
top-fuel class, where she ranked fourth after Friday's second qualifying round
with a 3.787-second pass on the 1,000-foot course in 323.19 mph.

His 25-year-old daughter, Courtney Force, graced the cover of ESPN the
Magazine's body issue in July. The photo of the driver sitting nude atop a
racing tire in the desert led to marriage proposals from several fans along the
NHRA circuit.

"It's a great sport, but we need more exposure to build it," said John Force,
who led with a 4.015-second pass at 318.62 mph Friday. "You look at Indy and
NASCAR, we're all struggling in this economy. People have so many things to
choose from. I need this sport for the future of my family."

Force took a hit in August when two of his biggest sponsors, Castrol and Ford,
announced they were leaving after the 2014 season. Force will spend much of the
winter seeking new sponsorship deals.

"Ford and Castrol have been good to me -- you never know, they might change
their minds after I bounced back and won the championship," Force said. "But
budgets are tough right now. They paid me a lot of money, so I have a lot of
work to do."

A desire to bring more attention to the sport led to Courtney Force's cover shot
this summer. ESPN had asked her to be in its body issue in 2012, but Courtney, a
rookie at the time, declined because she wanted to establish herself as a driver
first.

"It was definitely a big step for me," said Courtney, who has won two NHRA
events this season. "I thought it was a way to tap into a whole different fan
base. That's a major sports magazine -- they cover the NFL, soccer, everything
-- and it's hard to get that kind of coverage every day."

Notes

Shawn Langdon and Antron Brown remained one-two in top-fuel qualifying Friday.
Langdon, a Mira Loma native who is closing in on his first points title, covered
1,000 feet in 3.750 seconds at 327.03 mph, and Brown clocked 3.775 seconds at
322.42 mph Courtney Force dropped to 10th in funny car qualifying when a
malfunction caused her engine to blow up at the starting line. She was not hurt.

--

mike.digiovanna@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               58 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            November 8, 2013 Friday
                                  Home Edition

WORLD BRIEFING;
CANADA;
Mayor's rage on display in video

BYLINE: Times Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; Foreign Desk; Part A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 145 words


A new video has surfaced showing Toronto Mayor Rob Ford threatening to "murder"
someone and "poke his eyes out" in a rambling rage, deepening the conviction
among both critics and allies that he is no longer fit to lead North America's
fourth-largest city.

The mayor told reporters that he was "extremely, extremely inebriated" in the
video and embarrassed by it. The context of the video is unknown and it's
unclear who the target of Ford's wrath is. The video appeared at length on the
Toronto Star's website and in clips on the Toronto Sun's website, prompting
another round of calls for Ford to step down.

Despite immense pressure, the mayor of Canada's financial capital has refused to
resign or take a leave of absence.

Ford, 44, who is married with two children, said Thursday that he had made
mistakes and "all I can do is reassure the people. I don't know what to say."

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               59 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday
                                  Home Edition

THE WORLD;
Toronto mayor admits smoking crack cocaine;
Ford apologizes for lying for months. He says he won't step down, 'for the sake
of the taxpayers.'

BYLINE: Carol J. Williams

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; Foreign Desk; Part A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 491 words


Toronto Mayor Rob Ford apologized to the residents of Canada's largest city on
Tuesday after admitting he had lied for six months about smoking crack cocaine,
declaring, "I love my job," and saying he would stay in it "for the sake of the
taxpayers."

In what appears to be the opening salvo of a battle to remain in power, Ford
cast his continued public service as necessary to save Toronto residents' money
and make what he called "the important decisions that must be made."

But having denied wrongdoing since allegations of his illegal drug use surfaced
in May, Ford is likely to face renewed political pressure to step down and put
an end to the scandal that has beset the city.

Reports by the Toronto Star and the gossip website Gawker said in May that a
cellphone video had been made showing Ford smoking a glass pipe said to contain
crack. Three other men at the scene were later identified as members of a drug
gang.

Ford denied at the time that he had used illegal drugs and said he hadn't seen
the purported video because it "does not exist." But last week, Toronto Police
Chief Bill Blair announced that two video images had been recovered from an
erased database in the course of a related drug investigation.

"The video files depict images that are consistent with what has previously been
reported," Blair said at a news conference. "It's safe to say the mayor does
appear in the video."

Ford and his city councilman brother, Doug Ford, used their Sunday radio talk
show to accuse Blair of politicizing the city's law enforcement. Doug Ford said
Blair should resign.

But at lunchtime Tuesday, the mayor approached a mob of reporters outside his
office and offered to answer the question they had posed repeatedly in May.

"Yes, I have smoked crack cocaine," Ford said, denying that he is an addict.
"Have I tried it? Probably, in one of my drunken stupors, probably approximately
about a year ago."

A few hours later, the seemingly repentant mayor reappeared before the cameras
to say he had lied because he was ashamed of his behavior.

"I know what I did was wrong, and admitting it was the most difficult and
embarrassing thing I've ever had to do," Ford said, adding that the admission
felt like "a thousand pounds has been lifted off my shoulders."

But Ford said he had been elected by the people of Toronto to do a job and that
he planned to stay in office until an election set for next October.

"There is important work that we must advance and important decisions that must
be made. For the sake of the taxpayers of this great city, for the sake of the
taxpayers, we must get back to work immediately. We must keep Toronto moving
forward," he said.

Political colleagues immediately challenged Ford's assertion that he could put
the scandal behind him.

Council member Jaye Robinson said Ford's admission showed that he didn't have
even "a shred of credibility" and needed to step down or take a leave of
absence.

--

carol.williams@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: MAYOR ROB FORD pauses during a news conference in Toronto. "Have
I tried it? Probably, in one of my drunken stupors," he said of smoking crack.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Nathan Denette Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               60 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            November 5, 2013 Tuesday
                                  Home Edition

FOR THE RECORD

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; News Desk; Part A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 67 words


Hybrid vehicles: An article in the Nov. 2 Business section about plug-in hybrid
cars said Ford had revised the fuel economy ratings of its Fusion hybrid and
Fusion Energi plug-in hybrid sedans, from 47 miles per gallon to 43 mpg. Ford
revised the rating only of its C-Max hybrid; ratings for the Fusion sedans have
not changed. The Fusion hybrid is rated at 47 mpg; the Fusion Energi is rated at
43 mpg.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Correction

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               61 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            November 4, 2013 Monday
                                  Home Edition

WORLD BRIEFING;
CANADA;
Mayor's drinking is acknowledged

BYLINE: Times Wire Reports

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; Foreign Desk; Part A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 98 words


Toronto Mayor Rob Ford apologized for being "hammered" in public and
acknowledged the need to curb his drinking, but the mayor of Canada's largest
city didn't address allegations of drug use and said he will remain in his job.

"I'm going to weather this storm," Ford said.

Ford made his remarks on his local weekly radio show at a time when he is facing
growing pressure to resign after police said they had obtained a copy of a video
that appears to show him puffing on a crack cocaine pipe. Ford didn't address
the contents of the tape. "I just got to maybe slow down on my drinking," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: TORONTO MAYOR Rob Ford apologized for being "hammered" in
public.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Warren Toda EPA

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Wire; Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               62 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           November 2, 2013 Saturday
                              Correction Appended
                                  Home Edition

HIGHWAY 1;
CAR REVIEW;
Plug-ins feel like the future, not the present;
Still, some are better than others. Here is how a Ford, a Honda and a Chevy
stack up.

BYLINE: Brian Thevenot

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 2052 words


The Honda Accord covered my 11-mile morning commute to downtown Los Angeles,
downhill on the 110 Freeway, without burning a single drop of gas. In the
evening, I made it halfway back before the gasoline engine tapped the tank.

In all, the plug-in hybrid version of one of America's favorite sedans netted
almost immeasurably high mileage for a large and surprisingly powerful car.

The trade-off? A $40,570 price tag -- about $10,000 more than loaded
gasoline-powered models -- and a trunk that's been cut in half to make room for
the big battery.

Today's plug-in hybrids may make little economic or practical sense for most
drivers. But testing three leaders in the emerging segment -- the Accord, the
Ford Fusion Energi and the Chevrolet Volt -- felt like a glimpse into the future
of driving.

For now, automakers are rolling out many competing technologies to save fuel:
diesels, hybrids, battery electrics, fuel cells, turbos, hydrogen and more. But
none of these technologies alone will win the fuel economy wars; rather, they
will converge.

Plug-in hybrids are the first phase of that convergence. Like conventional
hybrids, they have gasoline engines that work in unison with an electric motor
and a battery. The battery draws its power from the gasoline engine and
regenerative braking systems, which capture energy from friction.

But unlike conventional hybrids, the bigger (and way more expensive) batteries
in plug-in hybrids are rechargeable -- like those in fully electric cars. So the
battery provides enough power to drive the car without gas for a limited
distance. When that charge runs out, the gasoline and electric motors work
together, as in any hybrid.

The goal is to merge gasoline and electric power to eliminate the downside of
each. Gasoline engines require $4-a-gallon fuel and pollute the air. Electric
cars have short driving ranges and long recharging times. But in combination,
you get unlimited range and extremely high efficiency, particularly for drivers
with reasonable commutes.

In our testing, the Chevrolet Volt immediately emerged as the efficiency champ,
with an electric-only range of about 38 miles, triple the range offered by the
Accord and nearly double that of the Fusion. The Volt also costs less, with a
base price of $34,995 for 2014 models. (Chevrolet recently dropped the price by
$5,000 to spur sales.)

But the contest for best car to drive narrowed quickly to the Honda and the
Ford. The Volt feels cheap by comparison, with a relatively cramped interior
covered in shiny plastic more suited to an economy car. The Honda and the Ford
each combine high efficiency and high-end fit and finish.

Here's how they did in our testing:

Chevrolet Volt

To many observers, General Motors defined the emerging plug-in hybrid segment
with the Volt. But the automaker says the Volt is no mere hybrid.

Although it combines gasoline and electric power, GM calls the Volt an
"extended-range electric vehicle." GM originally intended to build the Volt as
an all-electric car, but practical concerns won out, and the automaker installed
a 1.4-liter gasoline engine to assuage buyer concerns about range.

But the Volt's electric-only range blows away the Ford's and the Honda's. And
those 38 miles are pleasant, for the most part, behind the wheel. The Volt has
decent power and a silent, stable ride. Its 149 horsepower is substantially less
than the other two competitors here, but plenty for most drivers.

The Volt feels less impressive after the charge runs out and the gasoline "range
extender" kicks in. With the engine running, the Volt got 35 miles per gallon in
our testing, a touch below its Environmental Protection Agency rating of 37 mpg
in combined city and highway driving. That's decent, but it's nothing some
gas-only economy cars can't pull off.

While most hybrids employ a relatively seamless mix of gas-and-electric power to
the wheels, the Volt keeps the gas motor one step removed, like a generator. The
engine isn't connected to the drivetrain; instead, it charges the battery, which
powers an electric motor that turns the wheels.

The disconnect is apparent from the driver's seat. The engine doesn't always rev
when you step on the accelerator. And it sometimes revs at a high idle even when
the car is stopped.

The interior is another disappointment. The center console is a cheap, shiny
piece of plastic with way too many tiny, touch-sensitive controls that aren't
necessarily sensitive to the touch. Displays on the in-dash screen are garish
and often less than intuitive. The cabin is a bit cramped because of the large
T-shaped battery riding underneath, which limits available seats to four.

The battery placement also contributes to slab-sided exterior styling, with tall
doors and small windows. The windows, when down, produced an annoying problem:
unbearable wind noise, as if a helicopter were landing on the roof. In Southern
California, that's a deal-breaker.

Some buyers will overlook the Volt's flaws because of its class-leading electric
range. And GM deserves credit for building a unique and revolutionary car. But
buyers who care about performance, style and comfort will gravitate toward a
growing number of highly efficient competitors.

Honda Accord

Any evaluation of the Accord plug-in hybrid starts with broader praise for any
version of the Accord. The new Accord is shorter and sportier than its
predecessor, yet larger inside. Exterior styling is simple, with clean lines
flowing slightly downward from the trunk to the front grille.

Our plug-in test car came loaded with about everything available on any Accord,
including four heated seats, a back-up camera and adaptive cruise control.

But few plug-in Accords will end up in driveways. Honda built the car more as an
engineering exercise than a sales leader, with plans to sell just 1,100 of them
in 2013 and 2014, and only in California and New York. In August, 44 plug-in
Accords sold -- compared with 1,152 plug-in Fusions and 3,351 Volts.

The Accord plug-in's stiffest competition may come from within: The Accord
hybrid -- with no plug -- is rolling into showrooms now. The conventional hybrid
will be essentially the same car without the huge battery in the trunk. This
means many good things: less weight, less cost, more performance, more trunk.
Expect the hybrid to start at less than $30,000.

The advantage of the plug-in, of course, is the electric-only miles. But the
Accord gets only about 13 miles out of a charge, about a third of what the Volt
gets.

However, the Accord plug-in excels after the charge runs out. In a week of
testing in hybrid mode, we averaged 50 mpg -- better than its EPA rating of 46
mpg in combined driving. On that same downhill commute from Pasadena to downtown
Los Angeles, the Accord consistently achieved a remarkable 65 mpg.

Those are huge numbers for a spacious and quick car. The combination of the
Accord's 2.0-liter four-cylinder engine and its lithium ion battery produces a
healthy 196 horsepower.

Among our quibbles was the Accord's interior, which was functional but
stylistically confused, with mismatched faux-metal trim pieces and tacky-looking
tan "bio fabric" seats. Speaking of tacky, the "aero" plastic wheel covers
belong nowhere near a car this expensive.

But if our plug-in Accord test gives an accurate preview of the traditional
hybrid, Honda will have a big hit on its hands.

Ford Fusion Energi

Of the three cars we tested, the Fusion proved the least efficient by a good
margin, achieving 37 mpg in hybrid mode over about a week of driving, along with
an electric-only range of 16 miles. That compares with an EPA rating of 43 mpg
in hybrid mode and an electric range of 21 miles.

But the Fusion Energi proved the clear winner in style and comfort, and it
equaled the Accord in driving dynamics.

The Fusion felt more like a luxury car, worthy of a high price tag. The cabin of
our test model came in all black, with tasteful and understated accents. The
cross-stitched leather seats felt even more comfortable than they looked, and
well-placed metallic and piano-black trim pieces rounded out a classy package.
Dash controls came in a spare and simple layout, though the car's MyFord Touch
infotainment system could have been simpler to use.

The Fusion felt more substantial, if just slightly less nimble, than the Accord.
It felt heavy -- in a good way -- yet retained stability in the corners and
cruised over bumps with little drama and even less noise.

The powertrain differed little from the Accord's, with 195 total horsepower from
the combination of a 2.0-liter four-cylinder engine and the lithium ion battery.
Like the Accord, the Fusion's powerplant stayed nearly silent at lower speeds
but packed enough power for easy highway passing with the gas engine.

The Fusion distinguished itself in build quality and fit and finish. Its
well-insulated cabin kept wind and road noise at bay, which is all the more
impressive in an environment often devoid of engine noise.

Too bad Fords seem to have a habit of lagging behind their EPA efficiency claims
in real-world driving. The Energi, along with the conventional Fusion hybrid and
Ford's C-Max, was originally rated at 47 mpg in both city and highway driving.
But Ford in August revised those figures down to 43 mpg after persistent
customer complaints, and our testing put the figure even lower.

Still, many customers won't mind spending a little more on gas for a better
driving experience. And the Energi's mileage in hybrid mode will matter less to
drivers with shorter commutes and at-home charging stations to maximize its
electric-only miles.

All three cars are pricey, but federal tax credits help soften the blow. The
Accord and Fusion are eligible for $3,334 and $4,007, respectively, while the
Volt is eligible for the full $7,500. That additional government help -- along
with the Volt's lower sticker price, longer range and higher sales volume -- may
make the Chevy the best bet for getting your money's worth over the long term.
You'd just have to settle for less car.

In the final analysis, these cars of the future are still too expensive for
today. Many strong traditional hybrid or diesel offerings probably would go
easier on your wallet when all factors, including resale value, are considered.
(Don't expect a swarm of buyers for a used early-adopter plug-in.)

But in five or 10 years, don't be surprised if you have a charging station on
your garage wall.

--

Brian.thevenot@latimes.com

--

The nuts and bolts

2014 Ford Fusion Energi

Times' take: Best combination of efficiency, style and comfort

Highs: Smooth ride; stout build quality; classy interior

Lows: Too expensive; lower observed mileage in hybrid mode

Vehicle type: Four-door family sedan

Base price: $39,495

Price as tested: $40,585

Available federal tax credit: Up to $4,007

Powertrain: 2.0-liter Atkinson-cycle four-cylinder; lithium ion battery

Transmission: Electronic continuously variable

Horsepower: 195

Zero to 60 mph: 8.6 seconds, according to Car and Driver

EPA fuel economy rating: 100 mpge including electric-only range; 43 mpg in
hybrid mode

--

2014 Honda Accord plug-in hybrid

Times' take: Extreme versatility and fuel economy -- for a price

Highs: Ample power; nimble handling; extreme efficiency in hybrid mode

Lows: Too expensive; confused interior styling; small trunk

Vehicle type: Four-door family sedan

Base price: $40,570

Price as tested: $40,570

Available federal tax credit: Up to $3,334

Powertrain: 2.0-liter DOHC 16-valve four-cylinder; lithium ion battery

Transmission: Electronic continuously variable

Horsepower: 196

Zero to 60 mph: 7.7 seconds, according to Car and Driver

EPA fuel economy rating: 115 mpge, including electric-only range; 46 mpg in
hybrid mode

--

2013 Chevrolet Volt

Times' take: A revolutionary car with some unfortunate shortcomings

Highs: Class-leading 38-mile electric range; quiet ride

Lows: Cheap interior pieces; awkward styling; lackluster in hybrid mode

Vehicle type: Four-door hatchback sedan

Base price: $39,995 (Chevrolet reduced the price to $34,995 for 2014 models)

Price as tested: $43,950

Available federal tax credit: Up to $7,500

Powertrain: Lithium ion battery; 1.4-liter four-cylinder "range extender"

Transmission: Voltec electric drive

Horsepower: 149

Zero to 60 mph: 8.8 seconds, according to Motor Trend

EPA fuel economy rating: 98 mpge, including electric-only range; 37 mpg in
hybrid mode

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 05, 2013



CORRECTION: Hybrid vehicles: An article in the Nov. 2 Business section about
plug-in hybrid cars said Ford had revised the fuel economy ratings of its Fusion
hybrid and Fusion Energi plug-in hybrid sedans, from 47 miles per gallon to 43
mpg. Ford revised the rating only of its C-Max hybrid; ratings for the Fusion
sedans have not changed. The Fusion hybrid is rated at 47 mpg; the Fusion Energi
is rated at 43 mpg.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: FORD'S FUSION ENERGI distinguishes itself in build quality and
fit and finish. However, it seems to lag behind its EPA efficiency claims in
real-world driving.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Ford PHOTO: HONDA'S ACCORD PLUG-IN has an
electric-only range of about 13 miles, shorter than competitors', but it shines
after the charge runs out.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Honda PHOTO: CHEVROLET'S VOLT is a
unique and revolutionary car with a long electric range. Its performance, style
and comfort, though, leave much to be desired.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Gary Friedman Los
Angeles Times PHOTO: TESTING three top plug-in hybrids -- the Chevrolet Volt,
above, Honda Accord and Ford Fusion Energi -- gives a peek into the future of
driving.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Rob Widdis Chevrolet

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Infobox

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               63 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           November 2, 2013 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

HIGHWAY 1;
October auto sales rise 11% to 1.2 million

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 542 words


The government shutdown didn't stall Americans' demand for new cars and trucks.

The 16-day shutdown slowed U.S. auto sales in the first two weeks of October,
but they picked up speed in the last two weeks. Sales rose 11% to 1.2 million.

General Motors, Ford, Nissan and Chrysler all recorded double-digit sales gains,
while Toyota, Honda and Hyundai saw smaller increases. Of major automakers, only
Volkswagen's sales fell.

Stable fuel prices, low interest rates and the increased availability of credit
pushed people to buy regardless of the political wrangling, said Kurt McNeil,
GM's vice president of U.S. sales.

"All those things that have been driving the economy, they're still there," he
said.

Pickup trucks sold well as business improved for contractors and other workers.
Sales of the Chevrolet Silverado, GM's top-selling vehicle, jumped 10% to nearly
43,000, and Chrysler's Ram truck was up 18%. Sales of Ford's F-Series pickups
rose 13% and topped 60,000 for the sixth month in a row.

Sport utility vehicle sales were also strong. Sales of Nissan's Pathfinder,
which was recently redesigned, nearly doubled from last October. Sales of the
Chevrolet Tahoe and Suburban large SUVs both jumped more than 50%.

The weak spot was small cars and hybrids, which have been struggling as gasoline
prices fall. Gas prices averaged $3.27 per gallon nationwide at the end of
October, the lowest level of the year. The national average has dropped 31 cents
since Labor Day, according to AAA.

Toyota Prius hybrid sales fell 7% while the Chevrolet Volt plug-in hybrid was
down 32%. The tiny Fiat 500 fell 36%.

Sales of Ford's Focus small car were down 17%, while its C-Max small hybrid fell
20%. Ford recently announced plans to idle the Michigan factory where those
vehicles are made for two weeks.

U.S. consumers have started to shift to larger vehicles, said Jesse Toprak, an
analyst with the TrueCar.com auto pricing website.

Stable gas prices aren't the only reason, Toprak said. Cheap financing and sweet
lease deals have made larger vehicles more affordable.

Here are the October results announced Friday:

* Detroit: GM's sales rose 16%, with increases in all of its brands. GM's
revamped Chevrolet Malibu mid-size car was up 64%, while sales of the Cadillac
ATS small car more than doubled. Ford's sales increased 14%. Sales of the Ford
Fusion mid-size sedan jumped 71% over last October after Ford added a factory
shift to handle strong demand. Chrysler's sales rose 11%, led by its two most
profitable vehicles, the Ram pickup and Jeep Grand Cherokee SUV, which was up
20%.

* Japan: Nissan's sales rose 14% to more than 91,000, an October record for the
company. Toyota sales rose 9%, while Honda sales were up 7%. All three companies
redesigned their small cars, so sales rose. Sales of Nissan's Sentra jumped 50%,
Honda Civic sales improved 32% and Toyota Corolla sales gained 13%. Also for
Toyota, sales of the recently revamped Avalon sedan more than tripled. Honda's
sales were up 7%, helped by strong sales of the new Acura RLX sedan and MDX SUV.
Subaru sales jumped 32% as sales of the new Forester SUV more than doubled.

* Others: Hyundai sales rose 7% as 2014 models of the Sonata sedan and Santa Fe
SUV saw increased sales. Volkswagen's sales fell 18%.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Wire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               64 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            November 1, 2013 Friday
                                  Home Edition

AT THE MOVIES: REVIEWS;
Feeling game;
'Ender's Game' gets a respectful adaptation, touching on timely topics

BYLINE: KENNETH TURAN, FILM CRITIC

SECTION: CALENDAR; Entertainment Desk; Part D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 823 words


Orson Scott Card's science fiction novel "Ender's Game" has been a touchstone
for adolescent readers for nearly 30 years, and watching this earnest,
respectful film version it's easy to understand why.

It's not just that the story of the rise of underappreciated misfit Andrew
"Ender" Wiggin to a position of power and respect in the adult world is every
bullied youngster's dream. It's the added notion that although those wretched
adults need you, that won't stop them from being two-faced, devious and
deceitful. Whoever said it was easy being young?

Written and directed by Gavin Hood and starring Harrison Ford and young Asa
Butterfield, "Ender's Game" gains a lot from the ability of its story to touch a
nerve. A film for young people to which adults can eavesdrop if they are so
inclined, it's not any more sophisticated than it needs to be. But its strong
special effects make its simulated battles effective and, echoing the book, its
story line touches on a number of intriguing issues.

Those battles are simulated because the animating notion of "Ender's Game" is
that sometime in the future children who think outside the box can be trained
via computer simulations to take the lead in Earth's coming battle to the death
with a race of insects from another planet called Formics.

"Ender's Game" opens 50 years after the last Formic invasion, when the invading
insects (known as "buggers" in the book but thankfully not on screen) were
barely stopped from taking over Earth. Those in power on the planet, including
Mazer Rackham (Ben Kingsley with Maori tattoos on his face), have placed their
hopes on youth in general and on Ender Wiggin in particular.

While the hero of the novel ages from 6 to 12, the filmmakers have compressed
the book's narrative into one year and convincingly cast 16-year-old
Butterfield, last seen as the title character in Martin Scorsese's "Hugo," as a
roughly 12-year-old Ender.

Despite the age difference, the intense, skinny actor is believable as the young
misfit. Butterfield looks appropriately young and has the ability to convey
Ender's awkward nerdiness and ability to empathize with the enemy as well as the
Bad Seed moments when his strategically employed but genuine fury gets the best
of him.

The third member of his family to be chosen for warfare preparations, after his
always-angry brother Peter (a role much reduced in importance from the book) and
his empathetic sister Valentine ("Little Miss Sunshine's" Abigail Breslin),
Ender often feels like the runt of the litter. He has a powerful ally, however,
in Col. Hyrum Graff, the commander of Battle School, an orbiting space station
where serious warrior training takes place.

Played by Harrison Ford in the gruff taskmaster mode that feels a bit left over
from "42's" Branch Rickey, the colonel believes Ender is the hoped-for leader
and overrides the doubts of his sensitive colleague, Maj. Gwen Anderson (Viola
Davis). Convinced that all Ender needs is to be toughened up, the colonel places
him in increasingly difficult situations and monitors the results.

Ender, who has no idea any of this is going on, gets sent to Battle School as a
"Launchie" or first-year cadet at the colonel's insistence. A bullying superior
named Bonzo Madrid (Moises Arias) makes his life miserable, but Ender also gains
the friendship of Petra Arkanian ("True Grit's" Hailee Steinfeld).

Much of this is as pro forma as it sounds, but the film adds an interesting
wrinkle when it introduces an unnerving video game Ender plays that incorporates
elements of his own psyche into the proceedings. An eventual meeting with
Rackham, the hero of the previous Formic war, leads to the twists that have made
the book's reputation.

Writer-director Hood, whose films range from the Oscar-winning "Tsotsi" in his
native South Africa to the blockbuster "X-Men Origins: Wolverine," tends to make
movies that, like this one, do without nuanced emotions. But "Ender's Game" has
a few ways to counterbalance that.

Unusual in that it is co-produced by major effects house Digital Domain, "Enders
Game" is invariably worth looking at. Production designed by Sean Haworth and
Ben Proctor, the film does well at depicting the action in the zero-gravity
Battle Room as well as the grander computer warfare simulations that Ender
orchestrates (very much like a conductor would lead a symphony) as his training
progresses.

It also helps that Card's 1985 novel was prescient about issues that still
trouble us. Not only are video games considerably more sophisticated today,
making the story's key premise that much more plausible, but issues of drone
warfare, preemptive strikes and the morality of child soldiers are on society's
mind more than ever. "Ender's Game" turns out to be our game as well.

--

kenneth.turan@latimes.com

--

'Ender's Game'

MPAA rating: PG-13 for some violence, science-fiction action and thematic
material

Running time: 1 hour,

54 minutes

Playing: In general release

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: THE MISFIT HERO of "Ender's Game" is played by Asa Butterfield.
The movie is adapted from Orson Scott Card's 1985 youth novel.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Summit Entertainment PHOTO: "ENDER'S GAME" hero, played by Asa
Butterfield, right, with Moises Arias and Hailee Steinfeld.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Richard Foreman Jr. Summit Entertainment

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Movie review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               65 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 25, 2013 Friday
                                  Home Edition

Ford chief says he's staying;
Alan Mulally denies a rumored move to Microsoft as the car firm reports a
profit.

BYLINE: Jerry Hirsch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 381 words


During a conference call detailing a third-quarter profit of $1.3 billion, Ford
Motor Co. Chief Executive Alan Mulally said Thursday that he planned to continue
running the automaker, ending rumors he would be the next CEO of Microsoft Corp.

Mulally insisted that there was no change in the automaker's succession plan to
have him continue as chief executive through the end of 2014.

Mulally, 68, has held the job since 2006 and is credited for guiding the
automaker through the auto industry collapse of five years ago without seeking a
federal bailout.

A former Boeing Co. executive with deep ties to the Pacific Northwest, Mulally
was reportedly courted by the Seattle-based software giant as a successor to CEO
Steve Ballmer, who said he would step down in less than a year.

Asked whether he might trade Ford for Microsoft, Mulally said, "We have no plans
to change. I love serving here at Ford."

He declined to answer when a reporter asked whether Microsoft had approached
him, saying only that he would not address speculation.

Mulally may be staying at Ford because things are going well at the automaker.
Its restructuring of its troubled European operations is starting to take hold,
cutting losses there by about half in the third quarter. Sales are strong in
North America, and Ford is starting to grow quickly in China. The company is
saying it will earn more than $8 billion this year, an upgrade from earlier
guidance of just $8 billion.

Ford said Thursday that it earned $1.3 billion in the third quarter, down 22%
from $1.6 billion in the same period a year ago.

But the latest results were weighed down by special charges of $498 million,
including $250 million to cover the restructuring of its European operations,
where Ford is closing factories and laying off workers. There also was a
$145-million charge covering the automaker's buyout of the pensions of some U.S.
salaried retirees.

Without the charges, Ford posted an operating profit of $2.6 billion, a 20%
increase from the same quarter a year earlier.

"Across the Ford enterprise, we continue to restructure the business to
operative profitably," Mulally said.

"2013 is on track to be another strong year for the Ford Motor Co."

The company also reported that revenue rose 12% to $33.9 billion.

--

jerry.hirsch@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Corporate earnings

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               66 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 25, 2013 Friday
                                  Home Edition

MARKET ROUNDUP;
Stocks rise on strong earnings

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 320 words


Another dose of strong corporate earnings, this time from Ford, Southwest
Airlines and others, helped push the stock market higher Thursday.

It's one of the busiest weeks on Wall Street for corporate earnings. About a
third of the S&P 500 will report results, including some of the world's
best-known companies.

For investors, this week has also been a welcome return to business as usual.
Wall Street has been focused for weeks on what's going on in Washington, with
the government shutdown, the near-breach of the nation's borrowing limit and
questions about what's next for the Federal Reserve's massive bond-buying
program.

Companies are reporting bigger profits, but most of the growth has come from
cost-cutting, a trend that hasn't changed much since the financial crisis.

"We're in a slow-growth economy and companies need to do everything to boost
earnings," said Brian Reynolds, chief market strategist at Rosenblatt
Securities.

The Dow Jones industrial average rose 95.88 points, or 0.6%, to 15,509.21. The
Standard & Poor's 500 index added 5.69 points, or 0.3%, to 1,752.07, about three
points from the record high of 1,754.67 it reached Tuesday. The Nasdaq composite
was up 21.89 points, or 0.6%, to 3,928.96.

Wall Street also had some positive news out of China. A Chinese manufacturing
index rose to a seven-month high in October, suggesting continued momentum for
the rebound in the world's second-biggest economy.

With the S&P 500 trading near a record high and corporations finding it
difficult to increase their sales, several market watchers have said they aren't
sure how much higher stocks can go.

There are signs that stocks are getting expensive. Investors are paying more
than $16 for every $1 of earnings in the S&P 500, up from $14 at the beginning
of the year.

"We're at this stage where we need to start to see the fundamentals improve,"
said Quincy Krosby, a market strategist with Prudential Financial.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Wire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               67 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 20, 2013 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

COLLEGE FOOTBALL;
SOUTHEASTERN CONFERENCE REPORT

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Desk; Part C; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 254 words


No. 24 Auburn 45, at No. 7 Texas A&M 41: Nick Marshall accounted for four scores
and the Tigers battered Johnny Manziel in a win over the Aggies. Tre Mason's
five-yard score with less than two minutes to play was first placed at the
one-yard line, but it was reviewed and ruled a touchdown. A&M had a last chance,
but Manziel was sacked by Dee Ford on fourth down to secure the win.

at Tennessee 23, No. 11 South Carolina 21: Michael Palardy made a 19-yard field
goal as time expired to give the Volunteers a victory over the Gamecocks that
ended Tennessee's 19-game losing streak against ranked opponents. South Carolina
quarterback Connor Shaw left the game after being sacked by Marlon Walls and
Daniel McCullers with less than five minutes remaining.

at Vanderbilt 31, No. 15 Georgia 27: Jerron Seymour ran for a 13-yard touchdown
with 2:53 left, and the Commodores rallied from a 13-point deficit by scoring 17
unanswered points in the fourth quarter to upset the Bulldogs. Vanderbilt got
its first SEC win this season and its first victory over Georgia in Nashville
since 1991.

at No. 14 Missouri 36, No. 22 Florida 17: Maty Mauk threw for 295 yards in his
first career start and Andrew Baggett converted five field goals to help the
Tigers defeat the Gators and open a two-game lead in the SEC East Division.

at No. 1 Alabama 52, Arkansas 0: AJ McCarron threw three touchdown passes and
Kenyan Drake rushed for 104 yards and two scores to lead the Crimson Tide to a
victory over the Razorbacks.

--

Compiled from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Wire; Game story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               68 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 13, 2013 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

Not in the Chase, Keselowski wins Charlotte race;
Defending Sprint Cup champion ends 37-race drought. Kenseth keeps narrow lead
over Johnson.

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Desk; Part C; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 510 words

DATELINE:  CONCORD, N.C.


Brad Keselowski snapped a 37-race winless streak Saturday night by chasing down
Kasey Kahne in the closing laps at Charlotte Motor Speedway.

The defending Sprint Cup Series champion, who failed to qualify for the Chase
this year, grabbed his first win of the season and first since Sept. 30, 2012,
at Dover, by passing Kahne with nine laps to go in his Penske Racing Ford.

Keselowski became the first non-Chase driver to win a Chase race since Kahne at
Phoenix in 2011.

"I never give up. I didn't qualify well. But I kept working my way forward. I
knew we had a good car," said Keselowski, who started 23rd.

The race changed dramatically with 27 laps remaining and Jimmie Johnson
seemingly on his way to an easy victory. But a debris caution sent the leaders
to pit road and ended Johnson's march to a record seventh Charlotte win.

Hendrick teammates Kahne and Jeff Gordon took only two tires and raced off pit
road first, while everyone else took four tires and lined up behind them.
Johnson came out in third, and should have been in good shape on four fresh
tires.

Instead, Johnson had a terrible re-start and fell back to seventh.

"There was a caution that shook things up," Johnson shrugged.

Kahne pulled away with the rest of the leaders. Championship leader Matt Kenseth
was in the mix for a moment, but Keselowski, sixth on the restart, got past him
and took over second.

Keselowski then set his sights on Kahne once and for all. He had picked his way
through traffic but getting past Kahne wasn't easy -- Keselowski needed several
attempts before making it stick.

"I love hard racing and there are a handful of guys who can't race hard and they
freak out -- he's not one of them," Keselowski said about Kahne. "He's an
excellent driver. He ran me hard but ran me clean and that is great racing. He
did a hell of a job and deserves a lot of credit for it."

Kahne finished second in a Chevrolet and was followed by the Toyota of Kenseth,
who takes a four-point lead over Johnson into next week's Chase race at
Talladega.

"I'm happy we finished third," said Kenseth, who was the lowest qualifying Chase
driver at 20th. "I was so far behind because I qualified so poorly and needed
all night to get back up there. Then at the very end they gave me a shot to win
and I'm slightly disappointed that I didn't take advantage of that opportunity."

Johnson finished fourth and said he had trouble when he tried to push teammate
Kahne on the restart.

"Evidently I was too close to him and in his way, and my car washed up a little
bit," Johnson said. "A couple of guys were able to get inside of me. I just lost
track position at that point, which was unfortunate. Once I got rolling again I
was fine, but I lost too much at that point."

Kyle Larson made his Sprint Cup Series debut driving a Chip Ganassi
Racing-prepared car. He was impressive early, driving from 21st inside the top
12, and he lingered there alongside Juan Pablo Montoya, the driver he'll replace
next season for Ganassi.

Larson eventually fell back and went to the garage with 87 laps remaining. He
finished 37th.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Game story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               69 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 13, 2013 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

Ceremony honors women

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; National Desk; Part A; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 109 words

DATELINE:  SENECA FALLS, N.Y.


House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, the late former First Lady Betty Ford and
Title IX advocate Bernice Sandler were among the nine women inducted into the
National Women's Hall of Fame on Saturday.

The ceremony was held in Seneca Falls, the New York village where the first
known women's rights convention was held in 1848.

Also honored were "Sexual Politics" author Kate Millett; horse racing's most
successful female jockey, Julie Krone; Ina May Gaskin, known as the "mother of
authentic midwifery"; monetary scholar Anna Jacobson Schwartz; Mother Mary
Joseph Rogers, who in 1912 founded Maryknoll Sisters; and 19th century educator
Emma Hart Willard.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Wire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               70 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 13, 2013 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

POP MUSIC;
Q&A;
There was more to Cash than the critic knew

BYLINE: Randy Lewis

SECTION: SUNDAY CALENDAR; Calendar Desk; Part E; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 683 words


A brief question-and-answer session between staff writer Randy Lewis and former
Los Angeles Times pop music critic Robert Hilburn about his new book, "Johnny
Cash -- The Life."

--

What's your memory of hearing Johnny Cash for the first time?

I was driving to school at Reseda High School -- I was a junior, and it was
early 1956. I had a '49 Ford. I was listening to the country station, and
"Folsom Prison Blues" comes on ... It didn't sound like the stuff I was hearing
on the pop stations. It wasn't like Elvis singing "Hound Dog" or "I wanna be
your teddy bear"; it wasn't Chuck Berry singing "Sweet Little Sixteen," all of
which I loved. It didn't even sound like country. When I heard that line "I shot
a man in Reno [just to watch him die]," I didn't know you could say that on the
radio. I thought, "Whoa!" This is going to get me in trouble -- or it's going to
get somebody in trouble.... I went to my little record store in Northridge --
Anita's Record Shop -- and I got his record.

--

How did you come to accompany him to the watershed Folsom Prison show in 1968?
What was the reaction at the paper?

I was trying to get a job at the L.A. Times doing freelance writing. The
entertainment editor said, "Give me some story ideas." I saw that [Cash] was
going to Folsom Prison. The idea that the man who wrote "Folsom Prison Blues"
was going to sing it at Folsom Prison, I thought, you can't beat that. Somebody
else at the paper said, "No, we don't want to give any space to that drug
addict." He had been arrested in El Paso for smuggling nearly 1,000 pills [from
Mexico], and his picture had been in newspapers in handcuffs. That was his image
at that time.

--

There've been many biographies about his life, the Oscar-winning biopic "Walk
the Line," and Cash wrote two autobiographies. What convinced you there was
enough material left for one more book?

When I saw the ["Walk the Line"] film -- I don't mean to criticize the film or
the other books that were kind of rushed out after he died -- but I didn't feel
that was Johnny Cash; I didn't feel they were telling the story of Johnny Cash.
I felt that he was a profound artist who deserved to have his story told. I went
to [Cash's manager] Lou Robin and said, "Lou, what percentage of the story is
left to be told?" And he said "80%." I virtually started researching the book
the next day.

--

You interviewed him numerous times throughout his life and spent considerable
time with him during the final decade of his life. What was left to discover?

I thought I knew Johnny Cash pretty well. Writing this book showed me how little
I knew about Johnny Cash's real life. I knew the guy and his heart, but I didn't
know his life story. And it makes me think how little we really know any of our
most prized artists.

--

What's the big take-away for you out of doing the book?

The ultimate message he repeated over and over and over is that no matter how
much you stumble, no matter how much you've sinned, no matter how much you fall,
you can be redeemed. And on his deathbed, he had his faith, his [long-estranged]
daughters were there, he and June had found this love they'd always wanted, and
he had this music. So Johnny Cash was redeemed. He lived his own message. I just
think that final period is really inspiring.

--

randy.lewis@latimes.com

--

()

--

To hear Hilburn talk about book, Cash ...

--

What: Writers Bloc presents Robert Hilburn and Kris Kristofferson discussing the
life and music of Johnny Cash.

When: 7:30 p.m. Oct. 29.

Where: Ann and Jerry Moss Theater, New Roads School, 3131 W. Olympic Blvd.,
Santa Monica.

Admission: $25.

Information: writersblocpresents.com/main.

--

What: Hilburn discusses "Johnny Cash -- The Life" with Grammy Museum Executive
Director Robert Santelli.

When: 7:30 p.m Nov. 5.

Where: Grammy Museum, 800 W. Olympic Blvd., Los Angeles.

Admission: Free, reservations required at programs@grammymuseum.org

Information: (213) 765-6800, www.grammymuseum.org.

--

What: Hilburn and "Johnny Cash -- The Life."

When: 7 p.m. Nov. 13.

Where: Book Soup, 8818 Sunset Blvd., West Hollywood.

Admission: Free.

Information: (310) 659-3110, www.booksoup.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: JOHNNY CASH and Robert Hilburn (on Cash's left) at Folsom Prison
in 1968. Cash, who wrote "Folsom Prison Blues," performed for the inmates.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Jim Marshall

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Interview; Infobox

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               71 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 13, 2013 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

A wealth gap test

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; Letters Desk; Part A; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 1282 words


Re "Wealth gap only getting worse," Column, Oct. 11

I agree with David Lazarus that we need a remedy to the wealth gap issue. But I
cannot agree that we should raise the top marginal tax rate, which drives so
many business decisions, including workforce size. Raising this rate would give
the government more money to spend. That's not the same as giving workers more
money to spend, as Henry Ford did in 1914 when he decided to pay his workers a
good wage.

Lazarus noted that last year, chief executives in the U.S. made 354 times what
the average rank-and-file employee did, compared to 42 times the average
worker's earning only 30 years ago. That's quite a change.

Let's moderate that a bit and pick a multiplier of,

say, 200. If a CEO cannot figure out how to pay his employees an average of more
than one-half of 1% of his compensation, penalize that employer with taxes.
Either increase disposable income for employees or rein in CEO pay -- or both.

Dave McDonald

Glendora

Assuming that a more even spread of wealth is a worthwhile goal, it seems that
there are two routes.

One, which Lazarus seems to favor, is for the government to shift that wealth
via taxation. The other option is for a greater portion of the population to
participate in the wealth production process. This means addressing both
technology and globalization, forces that were not as present under either
Dwight Eisenhower or FDR.

As measured by the percentage of college freshmen who require remedial math and
English classes, our K-12 system has failed them and us.

This is forcing technology jobs offshore, which is easier now than under Ike due
to increased globalization. This probably moves some of the wealth from North
America to emerging markets, and that will continue.

Former Labor Secretary Robert Reich, whom Lazarus quotes, seems to think that we
need more investment in infrastructure and education. Possibly, but we do need
smarter investment.

Kevin Minihan

Los Angeles

::

Most Americans don't have the knowledge of two key points Lazarus made: that
"U.S. chief executives made an average of

$12.3 million last year"

and "Under Dwight Eisenhower, a Republican, the top marginal tax rate was 91%."

The first statement is the problem; the second is the solution.

Gust Rouhas

Santa Barbara

--

Palestinians, Israel and peace

Re "The two-stage option," Opinion, Oct. 11

Dani Dayan's two-stage solution relies on Jordan's cooperation with Israel to
keep the Palestinians under control. However, the Jordanian government has
repeatedly rejected this option since it withdrew from any serious role in the
West Bank in 1988.

Some commentators have hinted that a kind of Palestinian-Jordanian confederation
could take effect after Palestinian independence has been declared. But, to
state the obvious, that would require that a Palestinian state were first
established.

In short, for Dayan or anyone else who wants to engage Amman on the West Bank,
the best way to do it is to create a Palestinian state, as the Obama
administration is currently trying to do, in close cooperation with Jordan.

The administration has it right; Dayan, unfortunately, does not.

Steven L. Spiegel

Beverly Hills

The writer, a professor of history, is director of the UCLA Center for Middle
East Development.

::

Dayan's argument for a two-stage solution rests on the dubious assumption that
meaningful security and stability could ever be achieved without fulfilling
Palestinians' aspirations for self-governance. There is no reason to believe
this would be the case.

Dayan is also simply wrong to declare that the parties "will not benefit from
radically changing the current reality." Without a two-state solution, Israel
will become further isolated in the international community and its future as a
Jewish and democratic state will be in jeopardy. Dayan may be prepared to
maintain the status quo for decades, but by then there may be no Jewish state
left to even consider his supposed Jordanian option.

The time is ripe for a long-term two-state solution. The opportunity shouldn't
be missed by pursuing speculative

alternatives.

Melvyn I. Weiss

Boca Raton, Fla.

The writer is a member of the executive committee of the Israel Policy Forum.

--

Not impressed with Syria policy

Re "Syria could be haven for radicals," Oct. 8

That Syria might become an Islamist stronghold, especially if President Bashar
Assad falls -- which our geniuses in Washington are now worried about -- is no
news to this layman.

We saw this in Libya, Afghanistan, Somalia and Iraq. Washington continues to
back the rebels in Syria with blind affirmation of their democratic goals, which
are none. Anyone with a brain can see what will happen to Syria if Assad falls.

Each and every one of these outposts of civilization need strongman leaders,
ruthless as they might be, or else these countries turn into bad news for the
West.

As they say, trust the enemy you know.

Mark Collins

Altadena

::

The obvious solution to rid Syria of radical jihadist fighters is to arm the
Syrian government instead of trying to destroy it. The anti-jihadist credentials

of Assad, like his father Hafez before him, are impeccable.

But that would result in the Syrian government winning the civil war. Thus,
we've backed the "moderates" as a counterweight force. Unfortunately, the
moderates to date have been dominated by the jihadists.

This CIA strategy is doomed to produce exactly the result the CIA fears: Syria
as a jihadist enclave.

This is all so much a replay of the U.S. role in Afghanistan after leftist
officers staged a coup there in the 1970s. Our involvement then didn't turn out
well, and this intervention in Syria will produce

equally bad results if it continues.

John R. Yates

Los Angeles

--

Yom Kippur War in context

Re "An unnecessary war?," Opinion, Oct. 10

Yigal Kipnis omits important context about the events leading up to the 1973 Yom
Kippur War between Egypt and Israel.

Recall that in 1957, Israel returned the Sinai Peninsula and the Gaza Strip to
Egypt in return for international security guarantees. Just a decade later, in
May 1967, Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser expelled U.N. peacekeepers from
Egypt's border with Israel (the United Nations meekly complied), poured tanks
and troops into Sinai and Gaza in preparation for an invasion of Israel,
blockaded Israel's port of Eilat -- an act of war under international law -- and
boasted that "our basic objective will be to destroy Israel."

His actions triggered the Six-Day War, in which Israel recaptured the Sinai and
Gaza.

In 1973, Israel feared Egypt simply wanted another chance to attack Israel from
the pre-1967 borders.

Regardless, the Egyptian-Syrian sneak attack on Israel on Yom Kippur, the
holiest day of the

Jewish calendar, cannot be justified.

Stephen A. Silver

San Francisco

--

Another view of e-cigarettes

Re "New product, old concerns," Letters, Oct. 8

Raymond J. Melrose, a USC pathology professor emeritus, advocates regulating
"e-cigarettes just like it does other tobacco products until these can be proved
safe."

For people who are already addicted to nicotine, e-cigarettes are a potentially
lifesaving alternative. Regulation will only create additional barriers to
switching.

It's truly ironic that Melrose, a former high-ranking official of the American
Cancer Society, advocates policy changes that would risk more cancer deaths.

Benjamin Crowell

Fullerton

--

Sharing the chores at home

Re "Dad is helping out more; Mom is still

exhausted," Oct. 9

I am proud to be the wife of a husband who has never "helped" me with child care
and housework. Instead, my husband and I have lovingly "shared" these
responsibilities.

Until we change our choice of verbs, child care and housework will continue to
be the job of women.

Judith Seki

San Gabriel

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: IN 1913, it took Ford workers 1.5 man-hours to build a Model T
at this Highland Park, Mich., plant.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Ford Motor Co. / AFP/Getty
Images

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letters to the editor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               72 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           October 12, 2013 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

CALIFORNIA BRIEFING;
FULLERTON;
Driver killed in crash identified

BYLINE: Tony Barboza

SECTION: LATEXTRA; Metro Desk; Part AA; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 105 words


A motorist who died after slamming his pickup into seven other vehicles at a
Fullerton intersection was identified Friday as Adrian Davis of Brea, the Orange
County coroner's office said.

Davis, 57, crashed head-on into multiple vehicles Thursday, said Fullerton
police Sgt. Jeff Stuart. The collision occurred about 4 p.m. at Harbor Boulevard
and Valencia Mesa Drive.

Davis was driving northbound on Harbor Boulevard when his Ford F-150 hit the
vehicles in the southbound lane, Stuart said.

The truck flipped onto its roof and came to a stop on top of another vehicle.

Davis died at the scene. Five others were injured.

-- Tony Barboza

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               73 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           October 12, 2013 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

HIGHWAY 1;
Nissan keeps alive old models

BYLINE: David Undercoffler

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 591 words


What's old is new again.

Nissan and its luxury division Infiniti will each continue to sell a
previous-generation vehicle, even as its replacement rolls into dealerships. The
move aims to give buyers a lower-priced option that otherwise wouldn't be
available.

In November, Nissan's all-new Rogue compact crossover SUV will go on sale. It
will feature a completely redesigned body and interior and will offer third-row
seating as an option. The Rogue competes in a rapidly expanding segment that
includes the Honda CR-V, Toyota RAV4 and Ford Escape.

Several months later, Nissan will start selling the Rogue Select -- in essence
the outgoing Rogue model with a few minor tweaks to keep it current.

With the new Rogue moving more upmarket in terms of features and price, "there
is an opening for a low-cost, high-content offering, which is a gap that Rogue
Select will fill," said Fred Diaz, vice president of Nissan's sales and
marketing.

The 2014 Rogue will start at $22,490 (before destination) for a base,
front-wheel-drive model. The cheaper Rogue Select will start under $20,000,
Nissan said.

The Rogue is Nissan's second-most popular vehicle, behind its Altima sedan. By
selling both Rogue models, Nissan is keen to cover all its bases in the compact
SUV segment, which sells millions of vehicles a year.

Don't expect to see the Rogue Select in Nissan ads, said Scott Shirley, Nissan's
chief marketing manager for the Rogue and Rogue Select. The new Rogue is the
face of Nissan in the compact SUV segment, and the brand will treat it
accordingly. Only when consumers visit a Nissan dealership will they see the
Select is for sale, he said.

Infiniti is following a similar strategy with its G37 sedan. The car was
recently replaced by the all-new Q50 sedan, which recently went on sale. The Q50
tackles the likes of compact sport sedans including the BMW 3-Series,
Mercedes-Benz C-Class and Lexus IS.

Yet the Q50 only comes with a powerful six-cylinder engine, while nearly all its
competitors offer a cheaper four-cylinder or small six-cylinder engine as well.
To prevent entry-level customers from shopping elsewhere, Infiniti will continue
to sell the G37 next to the Q50.

Infiniti slashed the price of the G37 $4,800 after releasing the new Q50. Going
forward, a new G37 sedan will start at $33,455 for a rear-wheel-drive model.
Meanwhile, the cheapest you could get a new Q50 for is $37,605, including
destination. In this price range, a $4,000 difference matters to customers.

Continuing to build and sell the G37 "gives us a car in entry-level luxury sedan
market which we would not have if this car did not exist," said Kyle Bazemore,
an Infiniti spokesman.

Infiniti has said it will offer both models through 2015, though it hasn't
decided whether it will change the name of the G37 sedan for 2014 and 2015.
Infiniti is in the process of changing the name of every new model in its
lineup, with Q being used on cars and QX used for crossovers and SUVs.

Infiniti does have plans to bring a four-cylinder engine to the Q50 lineup,
though such a move is at least a year away. The brand is co-developing a
turbocharged four-pot with Mercedes-Benz.

This strategy of offering old and new at the same time isn't entirely unheard
of. Chevrolet is currently doing this with its all-new full-size Impala. The
outgoing model is still available for commercial use only, where it's been an
immensely popular vehicle for Chevy. Meanwhile, customers and fleet buyers alike
can buy the redesigned 2014 model.

--

david.undercoffler @latimes.com

Twitter: @latimes_driven

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               74 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 8, 2013 Tuesday
                                  Home Edition

At Ford, assembly line still evolving

BYLINE: Jerry Hirsch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 299 words


On the 100th anniversary of Henry Ford's invention of the moving assembly line,
the company he founded outlined how it is still refining his ideas.

On Oct. 7, 1913, Ford rigged a rope to pull Model T chassis across the factory
floor to speed assembly of the car.

The innovation is credited with greatly reducing the expense and time of
manufacturing an auto, which paved the way for the mass marketing of cars.
Automakers will sell about 15.5-million vehicles in the U.S. this year.

Ford Motor Co. said it is still making cars with the same principles, although
now the process is aided by banks of robots, computers and other automation.

The automaker said it is working toward giving each of its factories the
flexibility to produce four models within four years.

That would enable the car company to better match what it is producing to
customer demand.

"Henry Ford's core principles of quality parts, work flow, division of labor and
efficiency still resonate today," said John Fleming, Ford's executive vice
president of global manufacturing.

Ford also said that 90% of its factories globally will operate on a three-shift
model by 2017, which would enable it to make nearly a third more cars without
building new plants.

The car company also said that within four years all its vehicles will be built
off just nine platforms, further increasing assembly efficiency and flexibility.
Ford currently uses 15 platforms.

"One hundred years ago, my great-grandfather had a vision to build safe and
efficient transportation for everyone," Ford Executive Chairman Bill Ford said.
"I am proud he was able to bring the freedom of mobility to millions by making
cars affordable to families and that his vision of serving people still drives
everything we do today."

--

jerry.hirsch@latimes.com

Twitter @latimesjerry

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               75 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 8, 2013 Tuesday
                                  Home Edition

JAZZ REVIEW;
Transcending styles and generations;
The Richard Sears Group, with 'Tootie' Heath on drums, sets the tempo at
Sunday's festival-like concert.

BYLINE: Chris Barton

SECTION: CALENDAR; Entertainment Desk; Part D; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 833 words


Six years in, it's reasonable to expect some growing pains from the Angel City
Jazz Festival.

Heading into its third and most conventionally "festival-like" concert Sunday on
its six-night schedule, which offered a slate of four acts under clear skies at
the John Anson Ford Amphitheatre, the festival still couldn't escape the shadow
of a run of bad luck with scheduling.

With the event's most buzzed-about act -- the Robert Glasper Experiment --
canceling its show because of a scheduling conflict, the festival rebounded fast
by booking the Terence Blanchard Quintet in its place for Saturday. But just as
the sun was setting, festival emcee LeRoy Downs announced that Blanchard had
also canceled his appearance (a festival representative later cited
"circumstances beyond our control," and said all pre-sold tickets would be
refunded).

As a result, instead of a show at Zipper Hall on Saturday, the festival will
present a free screening of the next-generation jazz documentary "Icons Among
Us" at the Little Tokyo club the Blue Whale. That will be followed by a
previously booked night celebrating the birthday of the late Freddie Hubbard,
which will feature Henry Franklin, John Beasley and trumpeter Ambrose Akinmusire
(the Blue Whale's ticket charges still apply).

Still, despite the pangs of concern for a music festival -- particularly one as
ambitious as Angel City in a still-uncertain economic climate -- the rest of its
run has gone as planned, with Sunday's event offering an expected blend of
tradition and experimentation.

Although this year's installment may be missing the star wattage of previous
bills, which have included Ravi Coltrane, Archie Shepp and Dave Douglas, its
core message of the music's ability to transcend stylistic and generational
boundaries remained strong. That goal was heard clearly in an opening set with
the Richard Sears Group, which featured 78-year-old drummer Albert "Tootie"
Heath, who has played with a roster of jazz greats that includes John Coltrane,
Dexter Gordon and Lester Young.

Heath has been one of the stories of the year with this summer's beautiful,
generation-spanning album "Tootie's Tempo," with bassist Ben Street and the Bad
Plus' Ethan Iverson on piano. Although booking that band would've been a coup,
Sears' group proved nimble foils for Heath's playful mix of swing and
funk-leaning locomotion on a suite commissioned by the L.A. Jazz Society in
Heath's honor.

A bandleader in his own right, reedist Steve Lugerner delivered inspired and
acrobatic runs on saxophone and bass clarinet, but the drummer in the bow tie
remained the focal point. Frequently grinning ear to ear, Heath drove the group
with a blend of power and mischief behind the off-balance piano of Sears, who
worked to keep pace with Heath during a bright duet.

Returning for a second Angel City appearance, Kneebody delivered its signature
tightly wound mix of jazz, bent indie rock and electronica. Although the group's
daring live shows can deliver some hair-raising feats of off-time pace and
melody, this set primarily focused on Kneebody's more at ease, melodic side as
heard on the new album "The Line." Built around an off-kilter groove from
drummer Nate Wood, the herky-jerky "Nerd Mountain" was marked by a tightly wound
interplay between saxophonist Ben Wendel and trumpeter Shane Endsley, who
spiraled around Wood's almost inhuman-sounding beat as it continued to hiccup,
warp and reform again with a quicksilver pace.

Cuban saxophonist Yosvany Terry offered a welcome venture into postmodern Cuban
jazz, mixing the occasional snippet of salsa-ready melody with rich post-bop.
Pianist Osmany Paredes offered a nimble counterweight to the harmonies of Terry
with trumpeter Michael Rodriguez on "Harlem Matinee," and a later piece spiked
by a growling Spanish vocal break from Terry and a rattling percussion turn on
chekere briefly took the Ford down a darkened Cuban back street by way of
midtown Manhattan.

In another reach across the generation gap, saxophonist Greg Osby offered
swerving, serpentine leads that tested the mettle of his backing trio, composed
of students at the Thelonious Monk Institute at UCLA. A fixture on Blue Note
Records in the '90s, Osby zigzagged through an array of crisp, off-balance
melodies that were matched every step of the way by dreadlocked drummer Jonathan
Pinson.

Eventually joined by clarinetist Anat Cohen, Osby's band closed the night with a
busy run through a few standards. Though it could be seen as a contrasting move
for a forward-looking festival that in previous years has been spiked by
ventures into scorched earth avant-garde with appearances by Nels Cline, Satoko
Fujii and Vinnie Golia, it underscored the festival's determined connection with
history.

As Cohen pulled at the melody of a gently swung "Mack the Knife," with Osby
shadowing her every step, the song's familiar shape was stretched somewhere new,
marking a gentle echo of a festival that strives to follow the same path.

--

chris.barton@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: MEMBERS of the Richard Sears Group -- JJ Kirkpatrick on trumpet,
left, Garrett Lang on bass and Steve Lugerner on woodwinds -- perform during the
Angel City Jazz Festival at the John Anson Ford Amphitheatre.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Gina
Ferazzi Los Angeles Times PHOTO: CONCERTGOERS get close as the Richard Sears
Group plays the Ford Amphitheatre on Sunday.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Gina Ferazzi Los
Angeles Times

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Concert review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               76 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                             October 6, 2013 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

MOVIES;
WORLD CINEMA;
A master from India is seen in a fresh new light;
Director Satyajit Ray is revered in the West, but a critic's visit to his native
land has surprising revelations.

BYLINE: Peter Rainer, Rainer, film critic for the Christian Science Monitor, is
the author of "Rainer on Film: Thirty Years of Film Writing in a Turbulent and
Transformative Era."

SECTION: SUNDAY CALENDAR; Calendar Desk; Part D; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1432 words


I once visited Monument Valley and tried to imagine myself in a John Ford
western. It didn't work. I did the "Vertigo" tour in San Francisco and felt
nothing. No matter how rooted in a specific time or place, most movies,
especially the great ones, are essentially fantasias. If we should find
ourselves checking out their actual locations, the effect can be deadening.
Instead of being fellow spirits, we are merely tourists.

These thoughts were in my mind when I traveled to Kolkata five years ago to
discuss the legacy of the great Indian director Satyajit Ray as part of a
cultural envoy program sponsored by the State Department. Would I feel like I
was a player in one of his vast epics? How much of my love for his movies would
turn out to be a love for India itself?

I arrived late at night, in time to hear that Barack Obama had just won the
presidency. As dawn broke, I saw a street celebration that looked like a
Hindi-style Mardi Gras. It was my introduction to that heartbreaking sprawl of
13 million people that has, with equal justice, been called the City of Dreadful
Night and the City of Joy.

Along with Joe Lindner, who had been methodically restoring Ray's films for the
Motion Picture Academy, I was in Kolkata (formerly Calcutta) for two weeks as a
lecturer and observer at its annual film festival and at various local colleges.
It was my first time in India. As part of the program's mission to bridge
cultures, I screened newly struck prints of some of the Hollywood films that,
according to Ray's writings, shaped him.

Would you believe "A Night at the Opera"?

This entire experience came flooding back on the occasion of the wonderful
series of academy-restored Ray films through Oct. 21 at Santa Monica's Aero
Theatre. Ray, who lived and died in Kolkata and is one of its most revered sons,
is for me the greatest and the most haunting of all film artists.

At his finest, his movies seem to encompass everything there is in life. No one
could capture the lives of women, of children, of the workaday world with such
simple gravity, such emollience. He was the most sensual of directors and yet he
had the most plangent comprehension of the human comedy. He was more than a
humanist: What lights his movies from within is the belief that human beings are
sacred.

Two of his greatest are ahead at the Aero: "The Apu Trilogy" on Sunday, and on
Thursdays the three-part "Three Daughters," the first of which, "The
Postmaster," is as beautiful as anything by Chaplin, Ray's idol.

Ray called Kolkata "this monstrous, teeming, bewildering city," and I soon
realized it was folly to attempt to see it through his films, his eyes. Kolkata,
which makes the 405 Freeway at rush hour look like a lonely stretch of prairie,
is far too overwhelming for that. As a Westerner, I was besieged by beggars
everywhere. Their faces were both beseeching and accusatory.

A young mother -- she looked alternately 18 and 80 -- followed me for blocks
until I broke down and bought her infant formula. I had entree to Mother
Teresa's hospice, where the dying were laid out on worn mattresses in the hushed
semidarkness. I saw funeral pyres of bodies, fingers and toes exposed, charred
to ash and ritually scattered in the Hugli river.

There was also a trendy restaurant called Oh Calcutta!, the Oxford bookshop on
impassable Park Street, where I picked up thick volumes of Ray's detective and
children's fiction, and Music World, where I hoarded so many hard-to-find Ray
DVDs and raga CDs that I ended up buying an extra suitcase.

Wealth and poverty in Kolkata coexist within the same glance. The home of the
Nobel Prize-winning poet Rabindranath Tagore, who founded the rural art school
Ray attended for a time as a youth (and whose works he later filmed so
transcendently), is a kind of shrine. But its back windows open directly onto a
vast garbage dump. Rickshaw drivers hover before the entryway of the Royal
Calcutta Turf Club, where its moneyed Indian members carry out a kind of
inadvertent parody of Raj privilege.

I was sensitive about my Westerner status in this post-colonialist maelstrom, no
more so than when I began lecturing to audiences about their native son. I
imagined them thinking, "Who is this presumptuous sahib?"

The reality was different. Everywhere I went, I was greeted as a welcome
dignitary. Professors gifted me with hard-to-find books on Indian cinema.
Students snapped to attention when I entered the classrooms. I felt like a rear
admiral.

But here was a shock: Relatively few asked about Ray or knew much about his
movies. Apparently for the younger generation he was a figurehead rather than a
vibrant presence. What they did know about, intimately, was the Bollywood
galaxy.

I had been under the impression that the Bollywood movies (which Ray railed
against) were predominantly the province of the less-educated masses. This
impression was reinforced when I slipped into a rundown theater playing a
musical and watched, on a very hard seat, about half of a four-hour epic while
surrounded by what appeared to be four gabby generations of families settling in
for the long haul. I told my chambermaid about the experience, and she couldn't
wait to tell me how the film ended.

Wherever I traveled I saw sky-high posters of the Bollywood stars and their
latest extravaganzas, which often resembled madcap mash-ups of some new-style
Ramayana and Busby Berkeley. These stars are demi-gods in a way that dwarfs
their Hollywood counterparts. Globally, Salman Khan has it all over Brad Pitt.

The lack of a large audience for Ray's films in his own country, even within
West Bengal, should not have surprised me, since it was only his acceptance in
the West, small though it was, that enabled him to continue working at all,
right up to his death in 1992. And because, especially in "The Apu Trilogy" and
many of the other early films, he did not make movies that the Indian
authorities deemed suitably exportable (i.e. sunny), he was labeled a
troublemaker. (The far left had a problem with Ray for ostensibly not being
troublemaker enough).

When Ray, close to death in his hospital bed, received an honorary Academy Award
in 1992 on live television, he was characteristically gracious, even courtly.
(The academy's discovery of the shockingly bad print conditions of his films led
to their restoration project, which has rehabilitated 18 of his 28 features).

He told about writing a fan letter as a young man to Billy Wilder. In "My Years
With Apu," Ray talks about his infatuation as a college student with Astaire and
Rogers and Deanna Durbin, with Dietrich and Gary Cooper and Cary Grant; this
eventually gave way to a reverence for Lubitsch, Ford, Capra, Welles and Wyler.

And yet Ray's own movies would seem to have almost nothing in common with almost
all of his favorite Hollywood films I screened in Kolkata. Besides "A Night at
the Opera," they included "The Maltese Falcon," "Trouble in Paradise" and
"Double Indemnity." Might these movies have functioned as an alternate universe
for Ray in much the same way that Bollywood does for his modern-day college
counterparts?

Stylistically, they must certainly have represented an alternate universe for
him -- one from which he would need to break away to realize his indigenous art.
He had to shake Hollywood out of his system. "What we need," he wrote in 1947,
before he ever directed a film, "is a style, an idiom, a part of the iconography
of cinema which would be uniquely and recognizably Indian." This he achieved,
and yet, like all great artists, he is sui generis. To see his movies as a
branch of ethnography is to void his essence entirely.

In Ray's films, and in the popular imagination in general, the city is a symbol
of modernity. But in the films he made in contemporary Kolkata ("The Big City"
and "The Adversary" are the finest), the old and the new are inextricably
joined. This is the great theme of all his movies: the way the past in India
forever bleeds through the present.

This doubleness was everywhere I looked in Kolkata -- in the streets, the
temples, the hovels -- but most of all it was in the faces. About the casting
for his films, Ray once said: "You are looking for flesh and blood incarnations
of the characters you are in the process of writing."

I expected my trip would bring me closer to Ray's movies, and it did, but in
ways ultimately more mysterious than I imagined. As it came time to leave, I
felt an infinite tenderness for the faces I looked into, the ancient, aghast,
supernal faces that I recognized from Ray's films -- faces that brought you back
through time.

--

calendar@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: "THE WORLD OF APU," from 1959, is the third in Satyajit Ray's
"Apu Trilogy."  PHOTOGRAPHER: AMPAS PHOTO: RAY, with Madhabi Mukherjee during
the production of "Charulata" (1964), received an honorary Academy Award in
1992.  PHOTOGRAPHER: AMPAS PHOTO: SATYAJIT RAY IN THE LIGHT OF INDIA BY PETER
RAINER, D4  PHOTOGRAPHER: AMPAS

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Profile

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               77 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 5, 2013 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

HIGHWAY 1: AUTO REVIEW;
A CLASS ACT;
A triumph of technology, the 2014 Mercedes-Benz S550 offers an unrivaled mix of
comfort, safety and high-tech features

BYLINE: David Undercoffler

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1104 words


The days when luxury in a car meant shiny chrome on the outside and dead trees
and cows on the inside have long faded. This is 2013, when even high-tech can
fail to impress: Cut-rate hatchbacks have navigation systems, and the average
Ford can park itself.

So when Mercedes-Benz set out to develop the latest S-Class -- the pinnacle of
indulgence for a brand that owns it -- the automaker knew the ordinary wouldn't
do.

This full-size sedan starts at $93,825 and is often the top seller in the
blue-blooded class that includes the BMW 7 Series, Audi A8, Porsche Panamera and
-- if we're being generous -- the Lexus LS.

Mercedes is keen to keep this sales crown, despite introducing new generations
of the S-Class only every eight or nine years. So for 2014, the automaker turned
the S550 sedan into a rolling buffet of comfort and safety features that may
seem like wizardry now but will be commonplace on lesser vehicles in the future.

What distinguishes the S550 is how seamlessly it integrates such functions. With
the S-Class attracting mainly older buyers loyal to its tradition, Mercedes
didn't want to scare off the faithful. Fortunately, in the S550, the plutocrats
and the technocrats can finally share a ride. And oh what a ride it will be.

Consider Magic Body Control, a $4,450 option. This system scans the road with a
stereoscopic camera mounted on the windshield. When it detects bumps in the
car's path, the S-Class prepares the air suspension accordingly.

And it's not as though the car even needs it. The ride on our $112,265 test car
without Magic Body Control -- adaptive air suspension is standard -- was already
one of the more serene and balanced in existence.

Mercedes has a long history of using the S-Class to introduce groundbreaking
safety technologies. Some have later become common or even mandated for the
industry -- anti-lock brakes in 1978, for instance, and air bags in 1981. The
2014 iteration is no different.

This latest model surrounds itself with 360 degrees of radar coverage, scanning
for threats on the road. It can recognize a pedestrian, a bicyclist or another
car and determine its direction and how the car should best react.

The safety features spring into action even if the car isn't moving. If the
S-Class senses an impending rear-end collision, it will lock the brakes, tighten
the seat belt, close the windows and inflate the bolsters on the side of each
seat.

Together, these systems offer a window onto the future of self-driving cars --
as Mercedes made clear during the recent Frankfurt Auto Show. The automaker
debuted a fully autonomous S-Class and announced that the car had completed a
62-mile test drive on city streets.

That prototype had only a few upgrades from the S550 now available. Our test car
came with this $2,800 driver's assistance package, which includes radar-cruise
control, active lane-keeping assist, steering assist, blind-spot monitoring and
cross-traffic assist. Together they add up to a car that can drive and steer
itself in certain conditions on the freeway, especially heavy traffic.

When the system worked, it worked well and didn't intrude on the driving
experience. This is crucial to their safety benefits -- automated systems aren't
helpful if drivers find them annoying or confusing and turn them off. But the
lane-keeping assist would occasionally shut down because of a "system error."
And though this is a $112,265 car, Acura makes a better system on vehicles that
cost half as much.

Fortunately, the S-Class remains adept at non-autonomous driving. Power comes
from a sweet twin-turbocharged V-8 engine that's largely the same as the
previous S-Class. Its 4.6 liters make 455 horsepower and 516 pound-feet of
torque.

This motor hooks up to a seven-speed automatic transmission that pushes power to
the rear wheels, or all four if you opt for all-wheel drive. Fuel economy is
rated at 17 mpg in the city and 25 on the highway. Over 200 miles of mostly city
driving, we averaged about 14 mpg.

Despite a prodigious 4,729-pound curb weight, Mercedes says both versions of the
S550 will do the zero-to-60-mph run in 4.8 seconds. Not so many years ago, such
a time would have brought a tear to a Porsche engineer's eye.

Despite moving forward with aplomb, the S550 never felt particularly agile in
the turns. Its heft remained a lingering presence; the Audi A8 and the BMW 7
series both feel more nimble.

This car's target buyers, however, probably won't mind. They'll climb in the
meticulously redesigned interior and have trouble noticing anything else.
Higher-echelon S-Class models will creep into Bentley territory, so the entire
model range was given a cabin worthy of such a competitor.

This car steps firmly into the digital age with the banishment of any analog
gauges. The driver sees a pair of 12.3-inch screens; one for the instrument
panel and one for the rest of the car's navigation, climate control and stereo
functions.

The S-Class is also the first car in the world built without a single light
bulb. Instead, nearly 500 LEDs are used throughout the car.

Elsewhere in the cabin, the passengers are coddled in an expanse of lush wood
curving around them. They breathe air that's been ionized and perfumed by one of
four scents, if desired. Any car can heat its seats, so the S-Class heats the
armrests throughout the cabin too. The massaging seats, all four of them, now
feature a hot-stone setting.

Space, of course, is plentiful. The car's footprint and dimensions are largely
unchanged from the previous generation. The S550's body is sleek and curvaceous
in an understated sort of way. Yet it has the proportions that tell the guy in
the next lane that a single door costs -- and weighs -- more than his car.

Overall, the entire S550 experience lives up to its distinguished history.
Mercedes started calling this model the S-Class in 1972; the moniker stands for
sonderklasse, or "special class." The new model's unrivaled mix of comfort,
safety and technology will certainly be challenged in the future. But for now,
this car is indeed special.

--

david.undercoffler@latimes.com

Twitter: @latimes_driven

--

()

2014 Mercedes S550

Times' take: A special car for people used to feeling that way

Highs: Groundbreaking safety, epic interior, smooth engine

Lows: Still drives like a boat; exterior is generic

Vehicle type: Four-door full-size luxury sedan

Base price: $93,825

Price as tested: $112,265

Powertrain: 4.6-liter twin-turbocharged V-8 engine, rear-wheel drive

Transmission: Seven-speed automatic transmission

Horsepower: 455

Torque: 516 pound-feet

Zero to 60 mph: 4.8 seconds, according to Mercedes-Benz

EPA fuel economy rating: 17 city, 25 highway

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: (no caption)  PHOTOGRAPHER: Mercedes-Benz / Wieck PHOTO: S-CLASS
OCCUPANTS are coddled in an expanse of lush wood curving around them. Options
include massaging seats that feature a hot-stone setting as well as heated seats
and armrests.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Mercedes-Benz / Wieck PHOTO: DESPITE A 4,729-POUND
curb weight, Mercedes says both versions of the S550 will do zero to 60 mph in
4.8 seconds. Power comes from a twin-turbocharged V-8 that's largely the same as
the previous S-Class.  PHOTOGRAPHER: Mercedes-Benz / Wieck PHOTO: INSTEAD OF
ANALOG gauges, the driver sees a pair of screens: one for the instrument panel,
one for the navigation, climate control and stereo functions.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Mercedes-Benz / Wieck

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Infobox

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               78 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                             October 4, 2013 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                                  Home Edition

CAPSULE MOVIE REVIEWS;
'Dracula' still has a little bite

BYLINE: Mark Olsen; Sheri Linden; Inkoo Kang; Robert Abele; Martin Tsai

SECTION: CALENDAR; Entertainment Desk; Part D; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1645 words


Conventional wisdom holds that Dario Argento, maker of such classics as
"Suspiria" and "Deep Red," has been running on fumes for years now. But his
latest, "Argento's Dracula 3D," has enough going for it besides its
alphabetically VOD-friendly title to prove that the Italian horror and suspense
maestro shouldn't be entirely counted out.

At his best, Argento has a subversive wit and sinister perveyness somewhat
analogous to that of photographer Helmut Newton, abstracting a sexy, decadent
European glamour to reveal something ominous behind the stylish surfaces.

Unlike Francis Ford Coppola's 1992 telling of "Dracula" that infused the classic
tale with multiple subtextual concerns, Argento's reading takes the story at
face value, aided by Thomas Kretschmanns' stern portrayal of the legendary title
character. All the while, actress Marta Gastini turns in a charming performance
as the innocent ingenue, seemingly unaware of the campy spectacular unfurling
around her. (And is there a more disturbing and confounding father-daughter
relationship in all of cinema than that between Argento and his daughter, Asia?
She appears in a handful of scenes, naturally gets topless in a couple, and
helps immensely in giving the film its dark charge.)

The arrival of Rutger Hauer as the vampire hunter Van Helsing comes at just the
right moment to push the film onward, so when Dracula transforms into a giant
praying mantis, the train finally pulls into Crazytown Station.

The effects may be cheap and unconvincing, the sets spare, the costumes from
some unwanted back rack, but Argento still brings enough moments of kinky
madness to his not-great "Dracula" to indicate there may yet be greatness
lurking within him. Here's hoping.

-- Mark Olsen

"Argento's Dracula 3D." No MPAA rating. Running Time: 1 hour and 46 minutes. At
Downtown Independent. Also on VOD.

--

Comedic pros, but few laughs

With its Gen X perspective on family dysfunction and a cast of ace comedic
actors, "A.C.O.D." -- short for "adult child of divorce" -- looks primed for a
trip through sharply observed comic territory. But even with Adam Scott, Richard
Jenkins, Catherine O'Hara, Jane Lynch and Amy Poehler on board, the results are
regrettably forgettable.

Scott plays Carter, a mildly R-rated version of his nice-guy character on "Parks
and Recreation." A successful restaurateur with a longtime girlfriend (Mary
Elizabeth Winstead), Carter is the de facto authority figure in his fractured
family. When his sweetly impulsive younger brother (Clark Duke) decides to get
married, it's up to Carter to broker peace between their long-divorced parents.
After some angry huffing and puffing, the folks (Jenkins and O'Hara) agree to
put aside their mutual loathing for the big event, and soon enough are cheating
on their respective spouses for another kind of huffing and puffing -- complete
with a primal-scene trauma for Carter that's as ho-hum as the rest of the
intended hilarity.

Stu Zicherman's first feature, based on a screenplay he wrote with Ben Karlin,
taps into a potential mother lode of angsty laughs. Carter is part of the
"least-parented generation," according to the quasi-therapist (Lynch) who helped
him through his parents' breakup. A researcher who spun her interviews with kids
into a bestseller, she's now working on a 20-year follow-up, as intrusively as
possible.

Solid performances aside, closing-credits comments from the movie's crew members
on marriage and divorce offer fresher insights than any of the story's
run-of-the-mill shenanigans.

-- Sheri Linden

"A.C.O.D." Rated R for language and brief sexual content. Running time: 1 hour,
27 minutes. At the Landmark, West Los Angeles.

--

Cult-classic potty humor

The goofy, absurd horror-comedy "Bad Milo!" is a cult classic in the making. Its
lo-fi charms -- the cutesy-scary monster design, earnest family values and Danny
Elfman-esque soundtrack -- make the film feel like an '80s throwback in a way
that justifies the nostalgia. But enjoyment of the film will depend on one's
delight in endless jokes about one man's behind.

In an early scene, married couple Duncan (Ken Marino) and Sara (Gillian Jacobs)
stare intensely at an ultrasound screen, impatient for the news that'll change
their lives. "You got a thing in your butt ... a little trooper in your pooper,"
announces Duncan's doctor. It should disappear, though, if he manages his
stress.

But the "little trooper" turns out to be a feral monster, a miniature E.T. with
ink-black eyes both innocent and hollow. When Duncan suffers a humiliation at
work or the proctologist's office, "Milo" exits his colon to tear apart the
person responsible. With the help of a therapist (Toby Huss), Duncan gradually
learns to control his gremlin by treating it like a maniacal puppy -- with
loving coos and infuriated yelling.

Marino, a deliciously slimy comedian, is somewhat wasted as a straight man, but
his commitment to self-degradation is admirable. Likewise, director Jacob
Vaughan maintains a commendable tonal balance between Duncan's emotional growth
(including his fatherhood anxieties), the cartoonish violence and the
cringe-comedy antics of side characters. "Milo" is definitely no stinker.

-- Inkoo Kang

"Bad Milo!" MPAA rating: R for bloody comic horror violence, and for language
and some sexual content . Running time: 1 hour, 24 minutes. At Sundance Sunset
Cinemas, West Hollywood. Also available on VOD.

--

'CBGB' gives the heebie-jeebies

In the 1970s, New York's legendary CBGB club was a crowded petri dish for the
rock contagion labeled punk. But Randall Miller's movie glorifying this musical
movement and the shaggy gatekeeper behind it -- unfazed club owner Hilly Kristal
(Alan Rickman) -- is a crass, jokey nostalgia piece, as if punk had been
co-opted by K-Tel.

For starters, who's the audience for "CBGB"? If it's the uninitiated, then the
aggressive use of comic graphics and comics-panel framing and labeling -- oh, so
that's Debbie Harry (Malin Akerman) and the Ramones, playing their incredibly
identifiable songs! -- reads as patronizing and needlessly distracting. (Then
there's the expository dialogue: "Damn it, you're the father of underground
rock!") If aimed at rock aficionados, then the greatest-hits-style,
montage-laden treatment of the bands' mythic postures -- Harry flirted, Patti
Smith cursed, the Ramones (led by Joel David Moore as Joey) fought -- feels more
like vaudeville than an evocation of something raw, potent and historically
original.

There's fun in Rickman's portrayal of Kristal, a stoic, sonorous father figure
for the untamed, unusual, and -- in the case of the band he tried to cash in on,
the self-destructive Dead Boys (with Rupert Grint as Cheetah Chrome) --
unmanageable. But in its stylistically flailing stab at authenticity, "CBGB"
ends up merely a mess of caricatures.

-- Robert Abele

"CBGB." MPAA rating: R for language throughout, some sexual content, drug use,
and a scene of violence. Running time: 1 hour, 41 minutes. At ArcLight
Hollywood. Expands Oct. 11 to Laemmle Music Hall, Beverly Hills; and Pasadena
Playhouse 7.

--

Teen angst runs amok in 'Dirties'

What would an image-obsessed film geek wear to a school shooting -- the one that
he'll commit? In the funny-creepiest moment of "The Dirties," a masterful blend
of black humor and queasy dread, high school student Matt (Matt Johnson, who
also directed and co-wrote) runs through a montage of possibilities.

Adidas tear-away pants for a facade of innocent normalcy? A T-shirt with the
cover of "The Catcher in the Rye" ("Crazy killers are always obsessed with 'The
Catcher in the Rye,'" Matt notes) -- and Holden Caulfield's red hunting cap?
Certainly not a plastic shopping bag over his head. ("It's not safe because
we're promoting a choking hazard.")

What Matt is "promoting" matters because he plans to use footage of the shooting
in his next film project. He's done it before: After secretly recording himself
being bullied, he incorporated that video into a school project, a
Tarantino-esque revenge fantasy against his tormentors. He's already suffered
for his art; now it's their turn.

At the heart of Matt's descent into sociopathy is a compelling portrait of
teenage alienation and self-delusion. Already estranged from his peers by his
cinephilia -- Matt's the kind of film nerd whose first language is movie quotes
-- his antisocial tendencies drive away his best friend, Owen (Owen Williams).
The rich character development, naturalistic performances, well-paced plotting
and shaky-cam look all make the final shoot inevitable -- and tragically
ordinary.

-- Inkoo Kang

"The Dirties." No MPAA rating. Running time: 1 hour, 24 minutes. At Arena Cinema
Hollywood. Also available on VOD.

--

'Vikingdom' a vessel for gore

Dominic Purcell of "Prison Break" stars in "Vikingdom" as Eirick, king of
Jomsborg. Exiled since his death and miraculous resurrection, Eirick is on a
quest to prevent Thor (Conan Stevens) from opening the gates of Valhalla and
connecting the Earth with heaven and hell. Yes, that would be the same Thor
character assumed by Chris Hemsworth in various Hollywood Marvel tent poles. The
god of thunder turns villainous here, but that doesn't mean "Vikingdom" is any
less removed from Norse mythology than is Stan Lee's take.

The Western cast lends credence to this Malaysian production only on paper and
does little to distract from the film's limitations. Granted, there's very
little for the actors to work with, as the Viking stuff is merely a vessel for
gory fight scenes.

Comic-Con costumes make the proceedings seem like mere cosplay: Brynna (Natassia
Malthe) insists on baring her midriff even in a snowstorm. Once you look past
the carnage, all you're left with is the supper show at Medieval Times Dinner &
Tournament.

-- Martin Tsai

"Vikingdom." No MPAA rating. Running time: 1 hour, 50 minutes. At Landmark
Regent Theatre, Westwood. Also on VOD.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: October 05, 2013



CORRECTION: "Bad Milo": A review of the film "Bad Milo" in the Oct. 4 Calendar
section said that the therapist character was played by Toby Huss. The character
is played by Peter Stormare.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: KEN MARINO and his monster in "Bad Milo" could be an instant
cult classic.  PHOTOGRAPHER: Magnet Releasing PHOTO: OWEN WILLIAMS and Matt
Johnson realistically convey teenage alienation in "The Dirties."  PHOTOGRAPHER:
Phase 4 Films

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Movie review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               79 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 1, 2013 Tuesday
                                  Home Edition

Crash renews concerns about safety of airport;
For years, residents near Santa Monica facility have pushed for flight limits.

BYLINE: Dan Weikel, Angel Jennings

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; Metro Desk; Part A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1189 words


Santa Monica Airport is steeped in glamour and history.

Douglas Aircraft Co. built its famous DC-3s there, and in 1924 it was the
jumping-off point for U.S. Army pilots who were the first to circumnavigate the
globe by air. The first woman to fly the U.S. Mail began her milestone flight in
Santa Monica in 1938.

More recently, actors Arnold Schwarzenegger, Tom Cruise, Harrison Ford and
casino mogul Steve Wynn have been among the celebrities and business tycoons who
have kept planes there.

But the oldest operating airport in Los Angeles County has become the most
embattled general aviation facility in the nation as housing tracts, started
during the Douglas years, moved right up to its boundaries.

Concerned about noise, pollution and safety, those well-heeled Westside
communities have been pushing city officials for years to either close the
airport or slash flight operations -- demands that intensified after Sunday's
crash of a private jet that slammed into a hangar, killing at least two people.

The fiery crash, which occurred as the plane landed after a flight from Idaho,
is believed to be the first fatal accident involving a jet in the airport's
history. The impact and fire collapsed the hangar's steel roof onto part of the
aircraft as well as planes stored inside.

Morley Builders of Santa Monica announced Monday that its chief executive, Mark
Benjamin, 63, and his son Luke, 28, are believed to have been killed. It remains
unclear whether others were in the plane.

Residents near the airport and community activists say the crash of the
twin-engine Cessna Citation 525A reflects some of their worst fears because the
plane came to rest about 150 feet from homes near the northwest section of the
airfield.

"It's a warning of what could really happen," said John Fairweather, founder of
Community Against Santa Monica Airport Traffic. "Obviously we are saddened by
those who lost their lives in that plane. Our concern is what would have
happened if it hit houses and the fire spread beyond the hangar."

There have been at least 11 crashes involving planes coming and going from Santa
Monica since 1989, according to federal records. Six were confined to airport
grounds, two struck homes, two came down in the ocean and one crashed on a golf
course. The airport had about 7,300 takeoffs and landings in August, the most
recent month for which data was available.

Some community activists are pushing to turn the 227-acre airport into a park.
They say that the federal requirements and leases to operate a large portion of
the property as an airport, including a section of runway, end in 2015.

"We hope it's a wake-up call," David Goddard, chairman of the Santa Monica
Airport Commission, said of Sunday's crash. "Now we hope the City Council will
take the next step" and reduce flights.

But the Federal Aviation Administration asserts that Santa Monica must operate
the airport in perpetuity under a 1948 transfer agreement reached when the
facility was returned to the city after World War II. Agency officials have
vowed to protect the interests of pilots and aviation-related businesses.

The fate of the airport has been debated for decades. When jets began operating
at Santa Monica in the 1960s, the city imposed restrictions and, at one point, a
total jet ban, which aviation advocates successfully challenged in court in the
1970s.

With the advent of more powerful private jets, the city voted in 2007 to ban
high-performance aircraft with fast landing speeds, such as larger Gulfstreams,
Bombardier Challengers and some Cessna Citations. (The aircraft involved in
Sunday's crash was not one of the barred models.)

The Federal Aviation Administration later struck down the ban because it
discriminated against aircraft types, a decision that was upheld by a federal
appeals court.

The closure of Santa Monica has long been opposed by pilots, airport-related
businesses and national aviation organizations, such as the Aircraft Owners and
Pilots Assn. They caution that the cause of the crash has not been determined
and it was unlikely the jet could have entered a nearby neighborhood because of
a protective berm, landscaping and a wall.

"Let's find out what happened first before we speculate," said Bill Dunn, the
association's vice president of airport advocacy. "The reality is that accidents
occur, and the reality is that more people have been killed on bike paths and in
fatal car accidents in Santa Monica than in airplanes."

Robert Chandler, a veteran Santa Monica pilot whose vintage 1953 Cessna may have
been damaged by the crash, said the airport has a good safety record and is a
vital part of the region's transportation system.

"To close it would be the equivalent of closing 10 miles of the Santa Monica
Freeway," Chandler said. "It's disingenuous to move next to an airport and then
complain about it."

The National Transportation Safety Board and the FAA are investigating the
crash. FAA officials said the agency is continuing to speak with Santa Monica
officials about how best to balance community concerns and safe operations.

But Sunday's accident has emboldened those who live near the airport.

In the 12 years since Pete Thorson moved into his house, he said the jets have
gotten bigger and faster, posing a safety risk. Thorson's home is about 50 feet
from the crash site.

When he heard the plane and felt his house shake, Thorson feared it was heading
for his home.

"That's my worst fear," he said, noting that the bedrooms of his 9-year-old and
11-year-old sons face the airport. "The jets put everybody in danger. They are
too big and too fast for this runway."

Sunday night, Thorson and his family climbed on step stools to watch
firefighters knock down the 40-foot flames that engulfed the plane and hangar.
Thick, black smoke filled the sky, and the smell of jet fuel wafted into the
air.

Gerry Cohen, 61, recalled that when he moved into the neighborhood in 1981, "no
jets" signs hung on the fence that separated Sunset Park from the airport. Those
signs disappeared with court rulings that overturned the city's restrictions.

"Now I marvel at the size of the jets that come out of here," he said, looking
up at the clear, blue sky. "I do say to myself that if one of those jets go
down, it will take down half a block."

The last fatality related to a flight at the airport was in 2010. A pilot was
killed when he took off and crashed his plane on the Penmar Golf Course in
Venice. Residents said that incident highlighted the perils of having an airport
so close to homes.

Then-L.A. City Councilman Bill Rosendahl, whose district borders Santa Monica
Airport, visited the crash site and called for the airport's closure.

His successor, Mike Bonin, on Monday renewed that demand.

"I have long thought that the airport should be shut down, and I feel the same
way today," Bonin said.

"The airport is a proven danger to nearby residents both from the risk of
crashes and from growing evidence of pollution and emissions from jet fuel.
Sadly, this is deja vu all over again."

--

dan.weikel@latimes.com

angel.jennings@latimes.com

Times staff writers Matt Stevens and Joseph Serna contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: INVESTIGATORS STAND near the tail of a Cessna jet that crashed
into a hangar on landing Sunday night at Santa Monica Airport. Two people were
killed.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Don Bartletti Los Angeles Times PHOTO: SANTA MONICA
firefighters examine debris at the back side of a storage hangar on Monday.
Homes are situated along the boundaries of the airport, prompting calls to turn
the 227-acre airport into a park.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Don Bartletti Los Angeles Times
GRAPHIC: includes MAP: Crash site  CREDIT:MATT MOODY Los Angeles Times

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Infographic

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               80 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           September 29, 2013 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

THE DAY IN SPORTS;
Logano wins fourth straight race at Dover

BYLINE: Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Desk; Part C; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 692 words


His chase for a NASCAR Cup championship all but over, Joey Logano turned his
pursuit toward Dover history.

Logano dominated at Dover (Del.) International Speedway and took the checkered
flag in the track's Nationwide Series race for the fourth straight time. Logano
became the first driver to win four straight races at Dover in NASCAR's
second-tier series.

He pulled away in the No. 22 Ford down the stretch Saturday and was never
seriously challenged for the win on the mile track.

Logano has swept the two Dover races the last two seasons.

Logano's Ford, however, flunked post-race inspection because both sides off the
front were too low. NASCAR will announce penalties later.

Logano, who started on the pole and led 106 laps, won for the third time this
season. Four drivers have won 11 times in the No. 22 Ford.

Kyle Larson was second, followed by Kevin Harvick, Brian Vickers and Elliott
Sadler.

Sam Hornish Jr. was 17th and had his points lead shrink to four over Austin
Dillon with five races left

For all his Saturday success, Logano has yet to transfer those regular wins to
the Sprint Cup series. He has had only one top-five finish in nine career Cup
starts at Dover.

--

Timothy Peters raced to his second NASCAR Truck Series victory of the year and
seventh overall Saturday night, pulling away on a late restart at Las Vegas
Motor Speedway.

Jennifer Jo Cobb forced the final caution, hitting the wall in the second turn
on the 11/2-mile track. Series victory leader Ron Hornaday had the lead on the
restart with two laps to go, but quickly dropped to fifth and finished sixth.

Johnny Sauter was second, followed by Miguel Paludo, pole-sitter Ty Dillon and
Darrell Wallace Jr.

GOLF

Uihlein leads at St. Andrews

Peter Uihlein holed his second shot for an eagle on the 18th hole to take a
two-stroke lead after the third round of the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship
at St. Andrews, Scotland.

After settling for 60 at Kingsbarns when he missed an eagle putt on the final
hole, the American managed a more spectacular finish on the Old Course at St.
Andrews when his 47-yard wedge shot on the 18th found the bottom of the cup.
That gave him a seven-under 65 and a 20-under 196 total.

Martin Kaymer and David Howell shot 63, and Ernie Els had a 64, all at St.
Andrews, to join Joost Luiten, Shane Lowry and Richard McEvoy at 18 under.
Luiten had a 68 at St. Andrews, Lowry shot 64 at Carnoustie, and McEvoy had a 67
at Kingsbarns.

--

Tom Lehman made a 20-foot birdie putt on the final hole at Pebble Beach for his
second straight five-under 67 for a 134 total and a one-stroke lead in the
Champions Tour's First Tee Open.

Russ Cochran also shot 67 and was second. Defending champion Kirk Triplett and
first-round leader Bernhard Langer were three strokes back at seven under.

PRO FOOTBALL

Gronkowski, Amendola out

New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski and wide receiver Danny Amendola
will not play Sunday against the Atlanta Falcons.

Neither player traveled with the Patriots to Atlanta for the Sunday night game,
and the Patriots officially downgraded Gronkowksi and Amendola to out.

Both players were limited in practice all week. Gronkowski continues to rehab
after back and forearm surgeries. Amendola is recovering from a groin injury.

Patriots quarterback Tom Brady will be throwing to veteran receiver Julian
Edelman and to rookies Kenbrell Thompkins and Aaron Dobson, both of whom have
had up-and-down starts to the season.

ETC.

Berdych, Raonic reach final

Top-seeded Tomas Berdych outlasted Gilles Simon of France, 6-7 (5), 6-2, 7-5, to
reach the final of the Thailand Open at Bangkok. He will play Milos Raonic of
Canada, who beat defending champion Richard Gasquet, 3-6, 7-5, 6-4.

--

Former Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova of the Czech Republic beat Angelique
Kerber of Germany, 6-2, 0-6, 6-3, to win the Pan Pacific Open title in Tokyo.

--

Ron the Greek sprinted away from Belmont Stakes winner Palace Malice to pull a
21-1 upset with a decisive 6 3/4-length victory in the $1-million Jockey Club
Gold Cup Invitational at Belmont Park in New York. Jose Lezcano was aboard for
Hall of Fame trainer Bill Mott, who also finished third in the race with Flat
Out.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Wire; Game story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               81 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           September 29, 2013 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

POSTCARDS FROM THE WEST;
Epic monument;
Many worlds come to gaze in wonder at the craggy beauty of Monument Valley
inside the Navajo Nation reservation

BYLINE: Christopher Reynolds

SECTION: TRAVEL; Travel Desk; Part L; Part L; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1161 words

DATELINE:  MONUMENT VALLEY NAVAJO TRIBAL PARK


Zane Grey knew how to make an entrance, or at least how to describe one. As the
famous Western writer liked to tell the story, he was on horseback in 1913,
riding deep into Navajo country, when a flash lighted up the desert. That flash,
Grey wrote, "revealed a vast valley, a strange world of colossal shafts and
buttes of rock, magnificently sculptured, standing isolated and aloof, dark,
weird, lonely."

Grey had found his way to Monument Valley, before John Ford and John Wayne
showed up to make "Stagecoach" and before all those other makers of movies and
television shows and marketers of cars and cigarettes made the buttes a symbol
of the West. Even if you suspect poetic license in the timing of that lightning
bolt, the man saw the valley raw.

Thinking of him last month, I rose before sunrise in a hotel on the Arizona-Utah
border, drove to a parking lot and hiked down Wildcat Trail into the heart of
Monument Valley Navajo Tribal Park. Mark Boster, the L.A. Times photographer who
has been revisiting Western icons with me the last several months, had set up on
high ground, so I was alone.

There was a scent of wet sage, almost no sound but the wind. Then the sun rose,
the mesas blazed and dead ahead, the towering West Mitten Butte jumped from
pre-dawn obscurity into silhouette.

It was tremendous. Only for a moment did I wonder if this was where Chevy Chase
crashed the Griswold family station wagon in "National Lampoon's Vacation."

Monument Valley is part of the Navajo Nation reservation, a 640-mile drive from
Los Angeles, 175 miles northeast of Flagstaff, Ariz., about 25 miles north of
the sleepy town of Kayenta. The valley's most famous mesas, buttes and spires
stand within the boundaries of the tribal park. And you, my fellow Americans,
should see them.

Why? Because it's embarrassing to stand in the middle of such stark beauty and
realize that most of the other tourists are speaking French, German, Italian,
Japanese or Chinese.

You should know, however, that this is no national park. Instead of the National
Park Service infrastructure, you will find a 17-mile dirt road looping around
the valley's most admired landmarks, a dozen or more jewelry and souvenir
stands, two hotels in the immediate neighborhood and no alcohol on their menus.

To leave the loop road, you must hire a Navajo guide. You may notice a
weather-beaten trailer, perhaps neighbored by a rounded earthen mound. These are
private homes and traditional hogans, without electricity or running water, that
house a handful of Navajo families that date back here for generations. Many of
them make their living from tourists, but most don't want a paved road inside
the park because then too many would come.

And then there's the uranium. From the 1940s to the 1960s, with the approval of
U.S. and Navajo leaders, mining companies extracted tons of ore here to fuel
U.S. nuclear programs. Then they abandoned the sites, including Skyline Mine on
the valley's Oljato Mesa. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency found
lingering elevated radiation at Skyline and in 2011 completed an $8-million
cleanup, but elsewhere in Navajo country hundreds of abandoned mines await
remediation. A tourist might see none of this, but locals know all about it.

So the valley is complicated. But it's also plainly spectacular, beginning with
the approach up U.S. Highway 163. You snap to attention at the sight of angular
Agathla, a.k.a. El Capitan, first of the buttes, looming like a stairway to the
stratosphere. Soon after comes Sentinel Mesa, a sort of Greek Acropolis, if the
Acropolis were swaddled in orange by Christo.

Most tourists stay a day or two. We stayed four, circled the valley alone and
with a guide, under blue skies and gray. We paid respects to Rain God Mesa, the
Thumb, Gray Whiskers, the Hub and the Cube; ate enough fry bread to last a
lifetime; and stood among the tripod people at sunset, lining up the Mitten
buttes with the same boulders that Ansel Adams used in 1950.

Then one afternoon, a roar filled the valley and the clouds burst. Monsoon.

Within minutes, Spearhead Mesa had five waterfalls coursing down its face.
Sentinel Mesa wore a crown of dark clouds. In the storm, the landscape seemed
doubly alive, reds and greens literally saturated, sky riven by lightning,
puddles and streams threatening the road. We sprinted for the car and rushed
away, scared and thrilled.

We stayed one night in the View Hotel, earth-toned, low-slung, handsome on the
valley-facing side and homely on the other. It was built in 2008 by the Navajo
tribe, and every room has a balcony that looks out on a classic panorama.

Then we moved to Goulding's Lodge, five miles outside the park. It was Harry
Goulding (with his wife, Leone "Mike" Goulding) who started a trading post here
in the 1920s, and it was Goulding who traveled to Hollywood in 1938 and
persuaded Ford to come and shoot "Stagecoach."

The Gouldings ran their desert outpost for decades, tending to filmmakers,
peddling curios, steadily adding rooms and services. Spend a few minutes among
the old photos and movie posters in its little museum and you'll see the old
guest register in which John Wayne wrote: "Harry, you and I both owe these
monuments a lot."

Check the new guest register and you find that of the last 115 guests who
arrived before Aug. 26, 76 were from abroad. Are Americans outnumbered because
we'd rather wait for cooler weather? Because Europeans are more curious about
Native American culture than we?

I don't know. I tried asking a few Navajo, but we always ended up veering to
another subject.

Ned Black, 44, paused at his jewelry stand to tell me he tries to be happy all
day, but "it's hard to be happy all day. You don't know who you're going to come
across."

Charles Phillips, a 36-year-old guide, stopped for provisions before carrying us
off on a demanding four-hour off-road exploration in a battered Chevy Suburban:
"I'm gonna get me a drink before we go. Gonna get me a Budweiser," he said, a
twinkle in his eye, testing us.

A minute later he was back with a Powerade. (Phillips was working with two
broken ribs because a horse had thrown him onto a rock the week before. Laughing
hurt, but he still wanted to.)

I was ready for more sly wit from Linda Jackson, who operates the cafe trailer
at John Ford's Point. "Sarcasm. One of the free services I offer," said a sign
next to the counter. But instead, Jackson told us a heartfelt story about the
day her 32-year-old son, Ericson Cly, died. He was struck by lightning, she told
us. Right here at John Ford's Point. On an August day in 2006.

We told her how sorry we were, looked at the dirt, looked at the sky, looked at
the memorial marker that stands nearby. Then we made another loop through all
that harsh beauty.

--

chris.reynolds@latimes.com

--

Postcards From the West

This is the sixth in a series of articles looking at iconic places in the West
in a new way. To see the others, go to latimes.com/postcards. Next up: San
Diego, animal style.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: THIS TEARDROP ROCK formation gracefully frames the buttes and
mesas of Monument Valley Navajo Tribal Park.  PHOTOGRAPHER: Mark Boster Los
Angeles Times GRAPHIC: MAP: Monument Valley Navajo Tribal Park  CREDIT: Lorena
Iniguez Elebee Los Angeles Times PHOTO: Where drama looms large: The starkly
beautiful landscape of Monument Valley, with its commanding buttes, mesas and
spires, is impressive in its own right. But add to this the valley's complicated
history, and you have the makings of a dramatic Western story line that might
have made Zane Grey proud. Page L4  PHOTOGRAPHER:Mark Boster Los Angeles Times
PHOTO: (no caption)  PHOTOGRAPHER:Retro Ranger Graphics

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Series; Mainbar; Infographic

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               82 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           September 29, 2013 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

POSTCARDS FROM THE WEST;
A family business sits tall

BYLINE: Christopher Reynolds

SECTION: TRAVEL; Travel Desk; Part L; Part L; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 306 words


Five days a week, a young Navajo named Adrian Jackson pulls on a red shirt and
cowboy hat and drives up a dirt road to John Ford's Point in Monument Valley.
Then he spends the day sitting atop a horse named Pistol (see cover), trying to
look epic, meeting travelers from around the world and helping them take
pictures of one another sitting atop Pistol.

A photo by the jewelry tables? $2. Out on the point with the big vista? $5.

This is the family business.

John Cly did the job in the early 20th century. (You can see his red shirt,
silver hair and furrowed brow, as photographed long ago by Josef Muench, in the
tourist booklet "Monument Valley: The Story Behind the Scenery.")

After Cly came Adrian's grandfather, Frank Jackson, who did the job (again in
red shirt) for about 40 years before his death in 2009. That's when Albert
Jackson, Adrian's father, inherited the business and invited his son to handle
the horse much of the time.

Adrian Jackson, 24, didn't always have this in mind. He went to college in
Phoenix to study electrical engineering. But he's back, applying his
considerable charm when a Goulding's tour van rolls up and tourists climb out,
savoring the landscape when it's quiet.

"It's pretty cool," he says, "when the fog comes in and starts covering the
rocks."

Often as Jackson works with the horse, girlfriend Myra Watchman is nearby
selling jewelry or tending to their 2-year-old daughter, Amaya.

As for Pistol, 29 years old, succession plans are in place. Jackson estimates
that Pistol is the fifth horse to do the job, which requires supreme equine
calm. (Much of the time, the horse stands on a narrow outcropping above a
50-foot drop, with a tourist on its back.)

"After Pistol is gone, we have three horses who are going to alternate. So they
won't wear out so fast," Jackson said. "They're a lot of fun to train."

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Series; Sidebar

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               83 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           September 29, 2013 Sunday
                                Bulldog Edition

Bears can take top spot in NFC North;
Chicago is one of seven 3-0 NFL teams and plays Detroit at Ford Field on Sunday.

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Desk; Part C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1153 words


First place in the NFC North is at stake Sunday, and the Green Bay Packers will
be nowhere in the vicinity.

Instead, it's the Chicago Bears, one of seven 3-0 teams, against the Detroit
Lions at Ford Field. A victory for Chicago would give it a stranglehold on the
division through one-fourth of the schedule.

The Bears have been impressive under new Coach Marc Trestman, showing a knack
for clutch plays on both sides of the ball. They have a league-high 11
takeaways, are making good decisions, and Devin Hester is averaging 38 yards a
kickoff return.

But they also have some injuries, with defensive end Henry Melton (knee) gone
for the season and star cornerback Charles Tillman hobbled but saying he will
play. Tillman normally would match up with the Lions' top threat, receiver
Calvin Johnson.

"He's a big, strong, physical corner," Johnson said of Tillman. "He's smart.
He's seen a lot of football, so he understands some of the concepts probably
that we do on offense, so we've got to throw different things at him to get him
off balance."

Detroit (2-1) is winning the close ones -- the Lions have outscored the
opposition by only 13 points. Their passing attack is second in the league, but
just lost a key piece when receiver Nate Burleson was injured in a car accident.

The Lions got some good news: Running back Reggie Bush has recovered from the
left knee injury that sidelined him in last week's win over Washington.

"He's a very valuable part of our offense and he affects the way defenses play
us," Coach Jim Schwartz said. "If we can get him back on the field, that will be
a big plus for us."

Week 4 began with San Francisco's 35-11 rout of St. Louis in which the 49ers
(2-2) had five sacks, limited the Rams (1-3) to 18 yards on the ground and got
153 yards rushing and a touchdown from Frank Gore.

Off this week are Green Bay and Carolina, both 1-2.

This week's remaining matchups:

Miami (3-0) at New Orleans (3-0), Monday night: Sean Payton's return to the
sideline has made a world of difference in the Big Easy, and his hiring of Rob
Ryan to run the defense so far has been a stroke of genius. The Saints rank
fourth in overall defense, almost unheard-of territory in New Orleans. The
Dolphins got the first comeback victory of second-year quarterback Ryan
Tannehill's career last Sunday.

New England (3-0) at Atlanta (1-2): A pretty strong Sunday nighter, even with
Atlanta's early-season struggles. The Falcons need to get healthy as much as
anything, and find ways to stop the pass. That, of course, is essential against
Tom Brady, whose receiving corps looked far more professional in the romp past
Tampa Bay than in the first two wins.

Seattle (3-0) at Houston (2-1): Under Pete Carroll, the Seahawks have been
dominant at home, but mediocre on the road. They began turning that around late
last season, and this would be a statement win. Carroll brings the NFL's
stingiest defense, particularly against the pass, into Reliant Stadium. Houston
also has a rugged defense, but the Texans got pushed around by Baltimore last
week and have yet to make their own statement as a power.

Pittsburgh (0-3) vs. Minnesota (0-3) at London: Wembley Stadium has been sold
out for months, and there will be three big stars on the field: Pittsburgh's
Troy Polamalu and Ben Roethlisberger and Minnesota's Adrian Peterson, the
league's reigning most valuable player. Pity the loser having to stew at 0-4 on
the long plane ride back home, then stew some more with an upcoming off week.

New York Jets (2-1) at Tennessee (2-1): The Jets are far too sloppy, especially
with penalties, but, as usual, Rex Ryan has a solid, physical defense. The
Titans needed a long touchdown pass with 15 seconds remaining to rally past San
Diego. But they have improved on defense and have not turned over the ball.

Philadelphia (1-2) at Denver (3-0): Peyton Manning runs an offense so potent it
looks unstoppable, and the Eagles can't tackle in the open field and aren't much
in pass coverage. The game is in the Mile High City, where the Eagles'
fast-paced attack could run out of breath less than a half-mile in. Philly's
best hope is through the air; Denver ranks first in ground defense.

Dallas (2-1) at San Diego (1-2): Dallas looked excellent last week against St.
Louis and has won both its home games. But it frittered away plenty of chances
to win at Kansas City in Week 2. The Cowboys' defense, sparked by end DeMarcus
Ware and linebacker Sean Lee, could decide this one. San Diego has trouble
closing out games. All three have been down-to-the-wire affairs.

New York Giants (0-3) at Kansas City (3-0): If Eli Manning thinks last Sunday's
seven-sack barrage was ugly in Carolina, well, the Chiefs lead the league in
taking down quarterbacks and have a better all-around defense than the Panthers.
The Giants, whose offensive line is banged up, must find a running game; might
be time for Coach Tom Coughlin to swallow hard and give mercurial (and
fumble-prone) David Wilson the ball.

Cincinnati (2-1) at Cleveland (1-2): Cincinnati is in far better shape and has
the look of a contender. There's big-play capability on both sides of the ball,
with playmakers such as wide receiver A.J. Green and rookie running back Gio
Bernard on offense, Geno Atkins and Reggie Nelson on defense. The Browns'
defense is solid, and their offense was impressive at Minnesota behind
journeyman quarterback Brian Hoyer and tight end Jordan Cameron.

Baltimore (2-1) at Buffalo (1-2): After two weak showings, the Ravens looked
much more like champions in manhandling Houston last week. There's hope Ray Rice
can return to the backfield from his hip flexor. Baltimore could use a spark for
its offense. Buffalo is dealing with the growing pains of a rookie quarterback,
EJ Manuel, and a defense that can't stop the run.

Indianapolis (2-1) at Jacksonville (0-3): Coming off their huge win at San
Francisco, the Colts need to remain sharp. Indy will have running back Trent
Richardson more indoctrinated in the offense after a full week of practice.
Jacksonville gets back starting quarterback Blaine Gabbert for an offense that
has produced a mere three touchdowns.

Washington (0-3) at Oakland (1-2): If the Redskins can't get off the schneid
against the Raiders, some changes might be in order. It's difficult being
patient waiting for Robert Griffin III to return to full fitness, or for the
league's worst defense statistically to turn it around. Oakland is dealing with
quarterback Terrelle Pryor's concussion, and all the bruises physically and
emotionally from that Monday night rout at the hands of the Broncos.

Arizona (1-2) at Tampa Bay (0-3): Some members of the Cardinals must smirk about
Tampa Bay's unstable quarterback situation given how Arizona went through four
of them last year, none productive. Now, the Cardinals have a veteran passer
with credentials in Carson Palmer, and the Bucs are going with rookie Mike
Glennon over benched Josh Freeman.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: THE CHICAGO BEARS have looked impressive under new Coach Marc
Trestman.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Tannen Maury EPA PHOTO: SEATTLE SEAHAWKS' Sidney Rice
celebrates after scoring against Jacksonville in Seattle. The Seahawks have been
dominant at home but mediocre on the road as they prepare to play at Houston on
Sunday.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Stephen Brashear Associated Press PHOTO: NEW ORLEANS Coach
Sean Payton's return to the sidelines after being suspended for all of last
season seems to have made a big difference for the Saints.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Chris
Graythen Getty Images

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Wire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               84 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                          September 28, 2013 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

FOOD & DINING;
COUNTER INTELLIGENCE;
RESTAURANT CRITIC;
Carolinas by way of Venice

BYLINE: JONATHAN GOLD

SECTION: SATURDAY; Food Desk; Part E; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 930 words


If you follow the restaurant scene in Los Angeles, you have known about Govind
Armstrong for years, possibly since he was a teenage cooking prodigy whose mom
drove him to stints on the line at the original Spago the way that other moms
drive their kids to Little League practice. Or perhaps you know him from his
long collaboration with locavore Ben Ford, or from his solo gigs at Table 8 and
8 Oz. Burger Bar. You may have followed Armstrong's short-lived adventure in New
York, which wasn't well-received, and his appearances on "Top Chef" and on the
list of People magazine's 50 Most Beautiful People.

It is more likely that you noticed his restaurant Post & Beam, which he started
a couple of years ago with business partner Brad Johnson and is the most
ambitious restaurant ever to open in the Crenshaw district. If you want to
understand the power structure of South Los Angeles, you could do worse than to
eavesdrop over grits and a Bloody Mary at Post & Beam after church on a Sunday
afternoon.

But while Armstrong has been widely discussed as a phenomenon, and his cascading
hair still makes teenage foodies swoon, his development as a chef may have been
less examined -- his style's evolution from California Mediterranean, his work
with organic farmers, his burger-bar perfectionism, his streamlined African
American menu at Post & Beam. Much of his early cooking was tasty but
undisciplined, overgarnished and underthought. At Post & Beam, with a clientele
that expected something close to perfection in dishes that reminded them of home
(which is quite different from that of uptown customers demanding novelty),
Armstrong finally settled into a groove.

At Willie Jane, the new restaurant he runs with Johnson on Abbot Kinney's
restaurant row, Armstrong's style has become more refined yet -- it's kind of a
fantasy mash-up of Low Country cuisine with farm-driven California presentation,
heavily reliant on the sharply tart notes that have become his trademark, and
heavily reliant on Geri Miller's urban farm Cook's Garden, which happens to be
right next door. When the collards and lettuces are grown less than 50 feet from
your kitchen, and the farmer is apt to glare if you have treated her peppers
with less than total respect, you have to maintain a certain watchfulness. Many
of the dishes may have their origins in the coastal Carolinas, but they are
grounded in Venice soil.

So in addition to the buttermilk biscuits with soft honey butter, the deviled
eggs and the mussels steamed with ham and lemon, there are sliced peak-season
peaches with burrata, smoked pecans and a handful of next-door arugula; a heap
of milky ricotta with crunchy bits of fried bread and sliced next-door
cucumbers; and a spicy watermelon salad with somewhat overcooked shrimp and a
scattering of next-door lettuce. You can get a stack of spareribs brushed with a
tart hibiscus-flower glaze -- Mexicans call the herb jamaica -- but it will be
sprinkled with peppery yellow arugula blossoms, which is not what they put on
the ribs at Bludso's.

You may know shrimp and grits as the saucy, hammy breakfast dish you find
everywhere in Charleston. Armstrong's version involves chile-marinated grilled
shrimp, more Caribbean than South Carolina, with a small lake of organic Anson
Mills grits and a kind of roasted pepper ragout. It is as close to Low Country
shrimp and grits as New Orleans barbecued shrimp is to barbecue, and when you
eat it, semantics don't come into play.

Most of the seating for the restaurant is outside, on patios that back up
against the nursery on the other side of the building. The waiters have the ease
(and the cheekbones) of models. The bartender rings herb-flavored seasonal
variations on classic Southern cocktails like Old-Fashioneds, Vieux Carres and
shrubs.

Is the fried chicken crisp, the pan-roasted salmon properly medium-rare and the
charred carrot as compelling as the hanger steak with which it is served?
Indeed. The braised oxtail is compelling in its plainness, little more than fat
chunks of tail soft enough to eat with a spoon, served with a lightly curried
sauce you may never get around to using (it would be the main attraction at a
soul food restaurant in Compton or Willowbrook).

The pork chop brined in sweet tea is uncommonly juicy. The cast-iron chicken is
sort of a marriage between Tuscan chicken under a brick and Edna Lewis-style
pan-roasted chicken, bone out and cooked between two hot cast-iron pans until
the juices run clear and the skin becomes about 90% crunch. The greens cooked
down with pickled peppers, the black-eyed peas with tasso and kale, and the
late-summer creamed corn are at least as interesting as the meat.

You may be tempted by the giant slabs of red velvet cake with cream cheese
frosting, the berry shortcake or the pudding, but the one dessert you must try
is the raisin-oatmeal cookie sandwich, as chewy, crisp and buttery as your
fondest dreams, and stuffed with cool mascarpone cream.

--

jonathan.gold@latimes.com

--

()

--

Willie Jane

Kind of a fantasy mash-up of Low Country cuisine with farm-driven California
presentation.

--

LOCATION

1031 Abbot Kinney Blvd., Venice, (310) 392-2425, williejane.com.

--

PRICES

Appetizers, $6-$19; main courses $16-$22; sides $6-$8; desserts $8.

--

DETAILS

Open 4 p.m. to midnight, Tuesday-Friday; noon to midnight, Saturday; 11 a.m. to
2:30 p.m., Sunday. Credit cards accepted. Full bar. Valet parking.

--

RECOMMENDED DISHES

Shrimp and grits; barbecued quail with corn pudding; sweet-tea-brined pork
chops; cast-iron chicken; simmered greens with pickled peppers; raisin oatmeal
cookie sandwich.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: CHEF'S GARDEN greens accompany tea-brined pork.  PHOTOGRAPHER:
Jay L. Clendenin Los Angeles Times PHOTO: GOVIND ARMSTRONG'S new restaurant,
Willie Jane, on Abbot Kinney's restaurant row, is where the evolution of his
style as a master chef all comes together.  PHOTOGRAPHER: Jay L. Clendenin Los
Angeles Times PHOTO: IT ALL COMES TOGETHER JONATHAN GOLD  PHOTOGRAPHER: PHOTO:
Low Country in Venice: At Govind Armstrong's new restaurant Willie Jane,
restaurant critic Jonathan Gold writes: "Many of the dishes may have their
origins in the coastal Carolinas, but they are grounded in Venice soil."
SATURDAY  PHOTOGRAPHER:Jay L. Clendenin Los Angeles Times

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Restaurant review; Infobox

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               85 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           September 27, 2013 Friday
                                  Home Edition

BUSINESS BRIEFING;
AUTOS;
Japan firms guilty in price fixing

BYLINE: Times Wire Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 100 words


Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Hitachi Automotive Systems and seven other Japanese
companies agreed to plead guilty and pay a total of $740 million in fines in a
price-fixing conspiracy targeting automakers that included General Motors Co.
and Ford Motor Co.

Car companies operating in the U.S. faced inflated costs on more than $5 billion
of parts that affected prices on at least 25 million vehicles, U.S. Atty. Gen.
Eric Holder said.

The announcement brings the total value of criminal fines in the Justice
Department's continuing probe of price fixing in the auto-parts industry to more
than $1.6 billion.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Wire; Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               86 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           September 22, 2013 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

THE DAY IN SPORTS;
At 19, rookie drives to win at Kentucky

BYLINE: Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Desk; Part C; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 600 words


Ryan Blaney, a 19-year-old rookie, earned his first NASCAR Nationwide Series
victory Saturday and added another win for Penske Racing's No. 22 Ford as he
held off Austin Dillon and overcame several late cautions to win the 300-mile
race at Kentucky Speedway in Sparta.

Blaney used his second start in the Mustang to get the car's 10th victory of
2013 and a season sweep at Kentucky. Keselowski drove the car to victory in
June. Blaney's win included tense moments over the final 40 laps, as he led
Dillon off pit road with a two-tire stop on Lap 166 and regained the lead from
Dillon after losing it on the restart.

--

In Formula One, Red Bull driver Sebastian Vettel won the pole position for the
Singapore Grand Prix with a lap of 113.768, despite skipping the last section of
qualifying in order to save a set of super soft tires for Sunday's race. Vettel
edged Nico Ros- berg's lap of 113.667 mph.

--

Funny-car driver Robert Hight on Saturday secured his second No. 1 qualifying
position of the year and the 45th of his career, setting himself up for a shot
at his third consecutive victory of the season Sunday at the Texas Fall
Nationals at Ennis, the second of six races in the NHRA's Countdown to the
Championship playoffs. Shawn Langdon qualified No. 1 in top fuel, Erica
Enders-Stevens took the top spot in pro stock, and Hector AranaSr. led the
pro-stock motorcycle division.

ETC.

America's Cup postponed

Race 14 of the America's Cup was postponed because of shifting winds in San
Francisco Bay. With the Emirates Team New Zealand still one victory away from
clinching the trophy against defender Oracle Team USA, regatta director Iain
Murray didn't want to send the catamarans into skewed conditions. Team New
Zealand leads, 8-3.

--

Pittsburgh Penguins backup goaltender Tomas Vokoun had surgery to remove a blood
clot from his pelvis and will be hospitalized for several days.

--

Washington Capitals owner Ted Leonsis announced that his team will play host to
the Winter Classic, the NHL's New Year's Day outdoor game, in 2015. The venue
has not been determined.

--

Close Hatches took the lead around the far turn and won the $1-million Cotillion
Stakes at Parx Racing in Bensalem, Pa. In the co-featured $1-million
Pennsylvania Derby, Will Take Charge overtook Moreno an eighth of a mile from
the finish to win by 21/2 lengths.

--

Top-seeded Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France rallied past eighth-seeded Florian Mayer
of Germany, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3, in the semifinals of the Moselle Open at Metz,
France. In the final, he'll play second-seeded Gilles Simon, who defeated fellow
Frenchman Nicolas Mahut, 6-3, 7-6 (2) Sixth-seeded Ernests Gulbis of Latvia and
Guillermo Garcia-Lopez of Spain each got straight-set semifinal victories to
reach the final of the tournament at St. Petersburg, Russia Zhang Shuai of China
defeated Vania King of the United States, 7-6 (1), 6-1, for the title at
Guangzhou, China Top-seeded Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland and third-seeded
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova of Russia advanced to the final of the Korea Open at
Seoul.

--

Vijay Singh, playing his first event on the Champions Tour, shot a 66 to move
into second place, two shots behind Mark Wiebe, after the second round of the
Pacific Links Hawaii Championship at Kapolei, Hawaii. Wiebe was at 11-under 133.

--

Houston Texans left tackle Duane Brown will sit out Sunday's game because of a
toe injury New York Giants cornerback Corey Webster also will not play Sunday.

--

Three-time Pro Bowl linebacker John Reger, who starred for the Pittsburgh
Steelers and Washington Redskins in the 1950s and '60s, died Thursday in Tampa.
Fla. He was 82.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Wire; Game story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               87 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

HIGHWAY 1;
Smarter about safety;
These days, more cars can autonomously steer back into a lane, brake to avoid a
collision and adjust their lights, reducing accidents and injuries

BYLINE: Jerry Hirsch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1017 words


The big, black Mercedes-Benz is going 70 on the 101 Freeway making minor
steering adjustments to hold the lane. I have taken my hands off the steering
wheel. A computer is driving.

After maybe 10 seconds, the steering wheel icon on the dash turns bright red, as
if to say: Dude! Hands back at 10 and 2.

Forget about Google Inc.'s self-driving Toyota Prius, jammed with technology
only a legion of Caltech professors can understand. Autonomous driving is
already here on cars in dealer showrooms. It's packed into the safety features
on this $100,000 flagship S550 Mercedes sedan; on the new Acura MDX sport
utility that sells for half that price; and on less expensive vehicles such as
the Ford Fusion, which can parallel park itself.

We're still a long way from sending unmanned cars to the grocery store, but
automated safety systems are starting to have a real effect now in protecting
passengers and limiting accident damage, according to regulators and insurance
industry experts.

Such systems can alert drivers to an impending rear-end collision -- and slam
the brakes. They can stop a vehicle from hitting a post as it backs up. They can
track the speed of the car in front, adjusting to maintain a safe distance. Some
warn a driver when a car is about to wander out of its lane, and steer it back
on course. Another system automatically adjusts headlamps to better illuminate
turns.

"We think these systems can make a huge difference in saving lives," said David
Strickland, chief of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.

Forward collision avoidance systems, which automatically hit the brakes and
tighten seat belts, have reduced property damage claims on some Mercedes and
Acura models 14%, according to the Highway Loss Data Institute, an Arlington,
Va., organization that analyzes crash data for the insurance industry. More
important, they lowered bodily injury claims -- in which the driver of one car
is accused of hurting someone in another -- by 16% in the Mercedes and 15% in
the Acura.

A system that comes on the Volvo XC60 sport utility vehicle has even better
results, reducing the types of crashes that occur in city traffic and parking
lots. It slashed injury claims more than 33%.

"That is a huge number," said Matt Moore, a vice president at the institute.

Front-to-rear crashes are the most frequent on the road, so the systems could
make a huge dent in injury totals, Moore said. Eventually, that should make
insurance rates lower for cars with these safety features.

Other systems merely aid the driver, such as headlights designed like eyeballs
that track turns in the road. These steerable headlamps turn in the same
proportion a driver turns the steering wheel.

A Mazda system called Adaptive Front Lighting has reduced property claims
frequency by more than 10%. Similar systems have lowered claims 9% in some Volvo
cars and about 5% in certain Mercedes and Acura models.

The latest safety technology relies on a suite of technologies working together,
including radar, stereoscopic cameras, ultrasonic sensors, lasers and infrared
cameras. Given the complexity, it's no surprise that drivers are seeing some
glitches.

Cars with adaptive cruise control -- the system that tracks vehicles ahead --
can be prone to an odd hiccup. Driving at highway speeds on curvy roads, the
sensors could mistake a vehicle in the next lane for a vehicle directly ahead,
causing the car to slow unnecessarily.

This isn't unique to Mercedes and has cropped up in our tests of Honda Accords
and other cars with adaptive cruise control.

Cars equipped with automatic braking can be similarly fooled. Say you are
following a car that flashes its right blinker before turning into a McDonald's.
You know the car is turning, so you don't brake. The forward collision system
has no idea the car is turning, so it triggers the brakes, thinking it is saving
you from yourself.

On a drive from Los Angeles to San Francisco on Interstate 5, the Acura MDX
lane-keeping system proved easier to use and more fluid than the Mercedes
version.

The challenge for automakers is to find the balance between effective and
irritating, said Steve Kenner, global director of Ford's Automotive Safety
Office. That's one reason Ford hasn't added automotive braking to its forward
collision warning system.

Still, Ford is working to get more driver-assist technologies into vehicles such
as its Fusion SE, a mid-priced family sedan.

Adaptive cruise control with forward collision warning adds $995 to the price of
a Fusion SE that starts at $23,855. The parking system, which includes a sensor
that alerts a driver about to back into another vehicle or object, is an $895
option. A package that includes the parking system, blind spot warning and lane
keeping costs $1,100.

"We try to bundle the things that customers want the most, but at the same time
not force them to spend more than they want to," said Samantha Hoyt, Ford's
marketing manager for the Fusion.

About 70% of Fusion buyers are spending $295 to buy just the reverse sensing
system and a back-up camera. About 20% are buying the package with the blind
spot warning and lane keeping system.

Mercedes-Benz, by contrast, is making some of these systems standard equipment
on new models. That includes features such as collision warning -- without
automatic braking -- and "Attention Assist," which senses when a driver is
distracted or drowsy by monitoring body movements.

Automatic braking comes in an optional $2,800 package that also includes the
lane keeping feature and other safety systems. The systems on the flagship S550
will also be offered on the Mercedes CLA, a small sedan that will be available
this month starting at about $30,000.

Making some of these features standard will probably encourage other automakers
to do the same, said Bart Herring, Mercedes-Benz U.S. general manager of product
management.

Expect even more sophisticated safety systems to follow.

"Once you have the cameras and once you have radar," Herring said, "the
engineers can judge what is possible to get to accident-free driving."

--

jerry.hirsch@latimes.com

Twitter: @latimesjerry

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: MERCEDES' S550 SEDAN offers safety features such as automatic
braking, lane keeping, collision warning and the capability to sense sleepy
drivers.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Mercedes-Benz GRAPHIC: (no caption)  CREDIT:Peter and
Maria Hoey For The Times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               88 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                          September 18, 2013 Wednesday
                                  Home Edition

OBITUARIES;
EIJI TOYODA, 1913 - 2013;
Helped make Toyota a global giant

BYLINE: Jerry Hirsch

SECTION: LATEXTRA; Metro Desk; Part AA; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1005 words


Back in 1950, Eiji Toyoda visited a Ford plant to learn how Americans made cars.
The visit by a member of Japan's foremost manufacturing family changed the way
Toyota Motor Corp. produced cars, altering the global auto industry.

Toyoda, who is credited with developing the car company's efficient, low-defect
manufacturing processes and who helped spearhead Toyota's aggressive push into
the U.S. auto market, died Tuesday. He was 100.

"Clearly Eiji was the person that laid the groundwork for what Toyota is today,"
said David Cole, former chairman of the nonprofit Center for Automotive
Research. "He was a real visionary and inspirational leader who understood what
it would take to make Toyota a successful company."

Toyoda, a cousin of the Japanese automaker's founder Kiichiro Toyoda, died of
heart failure at Toyota Memorial Hospital in Toyota city, central Japan. The
family used the Toyota name for the business because they believed it sounded
better and it was the winning entry in a 1936 logo competition.

"This is the Japanese equivalent of Henry Ford passing," said Leslie Kendall,
curator of the Petersen Automotive Museum.

Toyoda "helped blaze a new trail in the way auto companies are run, how they can
minimize waste and how they treat their personnel," Kendall said. "He took a
very holistic approach."

Born Sept. 12, 1913, in Nagoya City, Toyoda graduated from the University of
Tokyo with a degree in mechanical engineering in 1936. He joined Toyoda
Automatic Loom Works Ltd. that same year. About a year later he moved to the
company's newly established automotive subsidiary.

He quickly became enamored with the process of manufacturing automobiles, diving
into factory operations and supervising activities on the shop floor.

Having grown up at the textile mill built by his father, Heichachi Toyoda, and
uncle Sakichi Toyoda, Eiji Toyoda loved machines.

"So from my childhood, machines and business were always there right in front of
me," he said in a Time magazine interview in 1999. "I probably developed an
understanding of both."

He rose in the executive ranks, becoming a Toyota director by 1945. However,
that wasn't much of a promotion because most of the company's operations had
been put on hold by World War II, picking back up again by 1950.

That was the year he toured the Ford factory in Dearborn, Mich., an experience
that was the root of the ideas he employed to retool Toyota's manufacturing.

"We were producing 40 cars a day," he said in the Time interview. "Ford was
making 8,000 units, a 200-times difference. The gap was enormous."

Toyoda, with the advice of production specialist Taiichi Ohno, changed Toyota's
manufacturing approach. They focused on making cars in small batches, receiving
just enough parts at the factory to complete a production run efficiently.

This reduced the need to stockpile supplies at the factory and was the start of
the "kanban" or "just in time" delivery concept, which has become the standard
production method in the global auto industry.

"The Toyota folks have credit for that work," said James Rubenstein, an auto
industry analyst and geography professor at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio.

Today, Toyota is the world's biggest car builder and still has half of the
Japanese market in Japan.

"It is like GM was in the old days," Rubenstein said.

Toyoda became vice president of Toyota in 1960 and president in 1967. He also
was responsible for Toyota setting up a sales and marketing arm that was
separate from the company's manufacturing operations.

Among other accomplishments, he directed the development of the Corolla, which
became one of the world's best-selling cars.

He bucked skeptics who believed that a Japanese automaker couldn't create a
luxury brand by pushing Toyota into the bigger, more expensive vehicles that
became the Lexus line in 1989. He wanted to sell a car that could rival the big
German luxury sedans produced by Mercedes-Benz and BMW.

He also crafted Toyota's partnership with General Motors Co. to open the joint
New United Motor Manufacturing factory in Fremont, Calif., in 1984. It closed in
2010, a result of GM's bankruptcy and the restructuring of the U.S. auto
industry, and is now operated by Tesla Motors.

Toyota entered the American market after an executive, Shotaro Kamiya, visited
the U.S. in the mid-1950s and noted sales of the Volkswagen Beetle, the most
popular import car at the time. Kamiya went back to Japan and with Toyoda
developed the plan to crack the U.S. market, importing the first cars in August
1957.

At first, Toyota pinned its U.S. strategy to a sluggish, dull, four-door sedan
called the Toyopet Crown, a car Toyoda had developed. But it wasn't very good.
The first Toyotas sold in the U.S. handled poorly when driven over 60 mph and
tended to overheat in mountains or deserts. Toyota's U.S. sales in its first
year were a meager 288 vehicles.

Toyoda told his sales force to focus on the Jeep-like Land Cruiser until the
company could launch its Corona sedan in 1965. Although still a small car, the
Corona addressed the problems that were evident in the Toyopet and became the
automaker's first big seller in the U.S.

Another Toyoda project, the Corolla, came out in the late 1960s and quickly
built a U.S. reputation for reliability, low cost and fuel efficiency.

By 1972, Toyota passed Volkswagen to become the top import brand in America. The
automaker sold more than 1.5 million Toyota, Lexus and Scion vehicles here
through the first eight months of this year and controls more than 14% of the
market.

The 1973 OPEC oil crisis cemented demand for Toyota's economy cars and left
Detroit's automakers scrambling to compete to make fuel-efficient models. It was
a gap that lasted nearly three decades and is only closing now, with Detroit's
latest generation of vehicles such as the Ford Focus, Chevrolet Cruze and Dodge
Dart.

Toyoda, who retired in 1994 but remained involved with the company, is survived
by three sons, Kanshiro, Tetsuro and Shuhei; all three work at Toyota
affiliates.

--

jerry.hirsch@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: VISIONARY LEADER Toyoda, left, and GM Chairman Roger Smith shake
hands at the inauguration of United Motor Manufacturing Inc., a $400-million
joint venture between the two companies, in Fremont, Calif., in 1985.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Paul Sakuma Associated Press PHOTO: (AA1) Pivotal early Toyota
leader dies: Eiji Toyoda, a cousin of the automaker's founder, helped lead its
push into the U.S. market.  PHOTOGRAPHER:AFP/Getty Images

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               89 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           September 17, 2013 Tuesday
                                  Home Edition

BUSINESS BRIEFING;
THE ECONOMY;
Factory output climbs in August

BYLINE: Times Wire Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 68 words


Industrial production rose in August by the most in six months, indicating U.S.
manufacturing will contribute more to the expansion.

Output at factories, mines and utilities climbed 0.4% after no change the prior
month, a report from the Federal Reserve showed.

The strongest vehicle sales in almost six years are propelling factory activity,
encouraging companies such as Ford Motor Co. to boost plant capacity.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Wire; Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               90 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday
                                  Home Edition

Nissan unveils its redesigned Rogue

BYLINE: David Undercoffler

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 310 words


Nissan Motor Co. is taking another crack at the popular compact crossover
segment with its all-new 2014 Rogue.

The second-generation Rogue, unveiled Wednesday, will take on the Honda CR-V,
Ford Escape, Chevy Equinox and Toyota RAV4 when it goes on sale in November.
This segment has become one of the most popular in the industry, trailing only
pickups and compact and mid-size sedans in sales volume.

Despite the outgoing model's advanced age, the Rogue has been Nissan's
second-most-popular vehicle, behind only the Altima sedan. The automaker sold
more than 142,000 Rogues in 2012, and 113,000 so far this year.

The 2014 Rogue hopes to build on that success with a thorough redesign of the
interior and exterior, greater fuel efficiency and an optional third-row seat --
a rarity in this segment.

"With this exciting, innovative, all-new design, Nissan is aggressively
targeting increased sales and share in every market," said Fred Diaz, vice
president for sales and marketing at Nissan North America.

All 2014 Rogues will come with a 2.5-liter, four-cylinder engine producing 170
horsepower and 175 pound-feet of torque. The only transmission available will be
a CVT. Also standard will be four-wheel anti-lock disc brakes, LED daytime
lights, Bluetooth and a hands-free texting assistant.

Fuel economy ratings aren't yet available, but Nissan said it expected 2014
front-wheel-drive Rogues to get 33 miles per gallon on highways. That would be
the best in its class, Nissan said. It would also be a big jump from the current
model's 28 mpg highway rating.

A base, front-wheel-drive Rogue S will start at $23,350. All-wheel-drive will be
a $1,350 option. The top-of-the-line Rogue SL AWD will run $30,280. Options
include the third-row seating, a navigation system, bird's-eye camera, a
panoramic moon roof and lane departure warning.

--

david.undercoffler@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: NISSAN'S 2014 ROGUE boasts a thoroughly redesigned interior and
exterior, better mileage and an optional third-row seat -- a rarity for compact
crossovers.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Carlos Osorio Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               91 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

HIGHWAY 1;
Honda car gets 47 mpg

BYLINE: David Undercoffler

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 213 words


Honda came out swinging in the fuel economy battle Friday with the announcement
that its all-new Accord Hybrid had matched the Ford Fusion Hybrid for EPA
combined fuel economy, with a rating of 47 miles per gallon.

Even better for Honda fans, the Accord Hybrid did this with a 50-mpg rating in
city driving, which tops the Fusion's 47-mpg figure. The Ford gains the upper
hand in highway driving, however, with 47 mpg to Honda's 45 mpg.

The Accord Hybrid's thriftiness at the pump means that it has a range of 673
miles, Honda Motor Co. said, which tops both the Toyota Camry Hybrid and the
Fusion Hybrid.

The mid-size car, which begins selling in October, uses a 141-horsepower,
2.0-liter in-line four-cylinder engine and an electric motor.

The Accord Hybrid is being built alongside the gasoline-powered Accord in
Honda's Marysville, Ohio, plant. Honda said it has spent the last three years
and more than $1 billion to renovate and expand the plant.

This year is shaping up to be a strong one for the Japanese automaker.
Year-to-date sales for Honda, including luxury division Acura, are up 11% over
last year. And Honda's 2014 Odyssey was recently the first minivan ever to be
rated a Top Safety Pick Plus by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety.

--

david.undercoffler@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               92 of 92 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday
                                  Home Edition

Car sales post big gains in August;
Automakers sell 1.5 million vehicles, report tight supplies on some models.

BYLINE: Jerry Hirsch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 754 words


Strong August auto sales numbers revealed a problem last month that Ford,
General Motors and Chrysler once would have begged for -- not enough cars to
sell.

Automakers sold 1.5 million vehicles last month, a 17% gain over the same month
a year earlier and one of the best showings since 2007, before the Great
Recession set in, according to Autodata Corp.

The sales were higher than expected, said Michelle Krebs, an analyst with auto
information company Edmunds.com, and were "even more positive than the overall
numbers imply, as individual car buyers, not fleet sales, are behind the surge."

Each of the U.S. car companies also posted double-digit gains and reported tight
inventories on some models.

Ford Motor Co., for instance, can't build enough Fusion sedans and Explorer and
Escape crossovers. In Los Angeles, San Francisco and Miami, a Fusion is lasting
just 13 days at a dealership. Typically cars can sit on a lot for two months.

"We are selling them as fast as we can get them," said Daemeth Rooney, general
manager of Sunrise Ford in North Hollywood. "We have had trucks and SUVs that
sold well, but we have never had a passenger car like this."

Rooney said he has about 60 Fusions on his lot but would like double that
amount.

Chevrolet has only a 35-day supply of the Cruze and can sell every newly
redesigned Impala it makes. Chrysler needs more Jeeps and Fiat 500Ls.

It's quite a turnabout for the domestic brands, which just five years ago had to
offer huge discounts and incentives to move vehicles out of dealer showrooms.

"Keeping things on the lean side is a much better place to be," said Jeff
Schuster, an analyst at LMC Automotive.

The car companies might miss out on some sales because of a lack of vehicles,
but that beats offering the friends-and-family discount to everyone with a
driver's license, he said.

It's a conundrum for the automakers.

"You don't want to go back to the bad old days when you had too many cars to
sell, but you also want to have enough inventory so that customers can find the
vehicles with the options they want," said Elaine Kwei, an analyst at investment
firm Jefferies.

"It's hard to imagine that the Detroit guys find themselves in this position,"
she said.

Ford plans to increase production by about 50,000 vehicles during the fourth
quarter, a 7% gain from the same period a year earlier. It also hired 1,400 new
workers at its Flat Rock, Mich., assembly plant to build more Fusions.

General Motors Co. also said it is making some adjustments in its factories to
meet an expected rise in demand heading into winter.

Tighter supplies are translating into higher prices and greater profits for the
automakers, said Jesse Toprak, an analyst with auto price firm TrueCar.com.

The average transaction price for Ford vehicles last month rose 6.9% to $33,460,
its highest ever, Toprak said. GM saw its average transaction price rise 4.3% to
$33,492 in August.

"Based on everything we see, the economy is on solid footing, which means the
industry should remain strong," said Kurt McNeil, vice president of GM's U.S.
sales operations.

GM sold 275,847 vehicles in the U.S. last month, up 14.7% compared with the same
month a year earlier, Autodata said. Ford said it sold 220,404 vehicles in
August, a 12% increase.

"This was the best retail [sales] of any month for Ford Motor Co. going back to
August 2006," said Ken Czubay, Ford's vice president of U.S sales and marketing.

Chrysler Group sold 165,552 vehicles last month, an 11.5% gain. Six of the
automaker's models set sales records in August.

Toyota Motor Corp. sold 231,537 vehicles in the U.S. last month, a 22.8%
increase from August 2012.

Honda Motor Co. reported U.S. sales of 166,432 vehicles, a 26.7% jump from a
year earlier. It was its best August ever.

Nissan Motor Co. sales hit 120,498 vehicles last month, a 22.3% gain. Hyundai
sold 66,101 vehicles, an 8.2% increase from August 2012.

Market research firm J.D. Power & Associates said that consumer spending on new
vehicles in August will approach $36 billion, which would be a record.

Still, the industry should temper its excitement, said Jack Nerad, an analyst at
auto information company Kelley Blue Book.

Aging cars that need replacing and low interest rates have enabled the auto
industry to beat overall economic growth, Nerad said.

"But that doesn't mean that sales will continue at the strong pace we've seen in
August," he said. "The overall economic recovery is weak and fragile, so another
shock could send sales back."

--

jerry.hirsch@latimes.com

Twitter.com/@latimesjerry

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: FORD PLANS to increase production by about 50,000 vehicles in
the fourth quarter. Above, 2014 Ford Escape vehicles at a dealership in Ottawa,
Ill.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Daniel Acker Bloomberg

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved



---- End of Request ----
Download Request: All Documents: 1-92
Time Of Request: Wednesday, March 05, 2014  13:33:49 EST

