
                              1 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 23, 2013 Monday
                                Suburban Edition

Ford tests software to watch factories from afar

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 261 words

MANUFACTURING

Ford pilots software to navigate factories

Ford is piloting cloud-based software that allows engineers to virtually
navigate 3-D mock-ups of its far-flung assembly plants.

Powered by Siemens, the software, called IntoSite, uses location technology from
Google Earth. Users can walk through plants to see various steps in the
manufacturing process. It is operational at Ford's assembly plant in Wayne,
Mich.

IntoSite could help engineers understand manufacturing processes and identify
problems or inefficiencies, Ford engineer Marty Smets said in a YouTube video
demonstrating the technology.

"Under the Ford production system, we are constantly looking for ways to improve
standard-ization around the globe," John Fleming, Ford executive vice president
of global manufacturing, said in a statement.

- Mohana Ravindranath

CLOUD COMPUTING

Amazon brings Web services to China

Amazon.com announced last week that it plans to offer Amazon Web Services, its
cloud computing platform, in China.

The service is set to launch in 2014. AWS's China Region Cloud would allow
customers to run applications and store data on computers based in China, which
could be useful to businesses required to store information in the country,
according to Amazon. Currently, companies must use AWS services based in the
United States or other regions.

AWS China has partnered with Chinese businesses including ChinaNetCenter and
SINNET to provide bandwidth, infrastructure and network capabilities.

(Amazon.com chief executive Jeffrey P. Bezos owns The Washington Post.)

- Mohana Ravindranath

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              2 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      December 23, 2013 Monday 8:13 PM EST

Ford tests software to watch factories from afar

SECTION: A section; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 275 words


MANUFACTURING          Ford pilots software to navigate factories

Ford is piloting cloud-based software that allows engineers to virtually
navigate 3-D mock-ups of its far-flung assembly plants.

Powered by Siemens, the software, called IntoSite, uses location technology from
Google Earth. Users can walk through plants to see various steps in the
manufacturing process. It is operational at Ford's assembly plant in Wayne,
Mich.

IntoSite could help engineers understand manufacturing processes and identify
problems or inefficiencies, Ford engineer Marty Smets said in a YouTube video
demonstrating the technology.

"Under the Ford production system, we are constantly looking for ways to improve
standard-ization around the globe," John Fleming, Ford executive vice president
of global manufacturing, said in a statement.

- Mohana Ravindranath

CLOUD COMPUTING          Amazon brings Web services to China

www.Amazon.com announced last week that it plans to offer Amazon Web Services,
its cloud computing platform, in China.

The service is set to launch in 2014. AWS's China Region Cloud would allow
customers to run applications and store data on computers based in China, which
could be useful to businesses required to store information in the country,
according to Amazon. Currently, companies must use AWS services based in the
United States or other regions.

AWS China has partnered with Chinese businesses including ChinaNetCenter and
SINNET to provide bandwidth, infrastructure and network capabilities.

(Amazon.com chief executive Jeffrey P. Bezos owns The Washington Post.)

- Mohana Ravindranath

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              3 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     December 19, 2013 Thursday 8:13 PM EST

Tragic inaction on gun control

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. A24

LENGTH: 378 words


The Post's Dec. 15 Metro article "Recalling Conn. shootings, activists gather at
NRA offices," reported that "a man pulling out of the [National Rifle
Association] parking lot rolled down a window as a speaker was introducing a
singer and yelled, 'Get a life, losers!'[#x200a]"

Unfortunately, the man could not shout that at the many true "losers" -
including the victims at Sandy Hook Elementary School and elsewhere - who have
lost their lives or their loved ones to gun violence. Shameful.

Mary Kepferle, Alexandria

l

Virginia Citizens Defense League President Philip Van Cleave  compared protests
against gun violence to demonstrating against drunken driving in front of Ford
Motor Co. Mr. Van Cleave is right that no one is demanding automobiles be pulled
off the road until drunken driving is eliminated. Instead, states have developed
stricter laws to keep drunken drivers off the streets and are using education,
technology and legislation to fight that scourge.

The wall of straw men lining up to protect the innocent gun gets taller, while
ways to keep guns away from criminals, such as universal background checks,
banning online gun purchases and product safety oversight, are hidden behind it.
How sad.

Elaine Arndt, Potomac

l

An oft-quoted precept of the National Rifle Association (NRA) is that the only
thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun. I'm not sure how
that would apply when a parent or other family member is the perpetrator, as was
the situation in more than one-third of the deaths recounted in the Dec. 14
front-page article "Not only Newtown." Arm both parents and make sure neither is
ever alone with the children? Arm the children? What would Wayne LaPierre, the
NRA's executive director, recommend? My own preference is to live in a community
in which no one needs a gun to be safe.

Laidler Campbell, Springfield

l

Regarding the Dec. 16 news article "Student shot at school still in critical
condition":

Arapahoe County, Colo., Sheriff Grayson Robinson said that critically wounded
Claire Davis was "in the wrong place at the wrong time" when shot at school by
fellow student Karl Pierson. Where should she have been? When will we learn?

Marsha Trott, Dunkirk, Md.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

Tragic inaction on gun control

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A24

LENGTH: 367 words


The Post's Dec. 15 Metro article "Recalling Conn. shootings, activists gather at
NRA offices," reported that "a man pulling out of the [National Rifle
Association] parking lot rolled down a window as a speaker was introducing a
singer and yelled, 'Get a life, losers!'â[#x20ac][#x160]"

Unfortunately, the man could not shout that at the many true "losers" -
including the victims at Sandy Hook Elementary School and elsewhere - who have
lost their lives or their loved ones to gun violence. Shameful.

Mary Kepferle, Alexandria

l

Virginia Citizens Defense League President Philip Van Cleave  compared protests
against gun violence to demonstrating against drunken driving in front of Ford
Motor Co. Mr. Van Cleave is right that no one is demanding automobiles be pulled
off the road until drunken driving is eliminated. Instead, states have developed
stricter laws to keep drunken drivers off the streets and are using education,
technology and legislation to fight that scourge.

The wall of straw men lining up to protect the innocent gun gets taller, while
ways to keep guns away from criminals, such as universal background checks,
banning online gun purchases and product safety oversight, are hidden behind it.
How sad.

Elaine Arndt, Potomac

l

An oft-quoted precept of the National Rifle Association (NRA) is that the only
thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun. I'm not sure how
that would apply when a parent or other family member is the perpetrator, as was
the situation in more than one-third of the deaths recounted in the Dec. 14
front-page article "Not only Newtown." Arm both parents and make sure neither is
ever alone with the children? Arm the children? What would Wayne LaPierre, the
NRA's executive director, recommend? My own preference is to live in a community
in which no one needs a gun to be safe.

Laidler Campbell, Springfield

l

Regarding the Dec. 16 news article "Student shot at school still in critical
condition":

Arapahoe County, Colo., Sheriff Grayson Robinson said that critically wounded
Claire Davis was "in the wrong place at the wrong time" when shot at school by
fellow student Karl Pierson. Where should she have been? When will we learn?

Marsha Trott, Dunkirk, Md.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              5 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      December 15, 2013 Sunday 8:13 PM EST

NSA exploits Google cookies to track users

SECTION: ; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 1289 words


The National Security Agency is secretly piggybacking on the tools that enable
Internet advertisers to track consumers, using "cookies" and location data to
pinpoint targets for government hacking and to bolster surveillance. ¶ The
agency's internal presentation slides, provided by former NSA contractor Edward
Snowden, show that when companies follow consumers on the Internet, the
technique opens the door for similar tracking by the government. ¶ For years,
privacy advocates have raised concerns about the use of commercial tracking
tools to identify and target consumers with advertisements. The ad industry has
said its practices benefit consumers by showing them ads more likely to be of
interest to them. This revelation could hand privacy advocates a new argument
for reining in commercial surveillance.

Business

General Motorsnamed longtime executive Mary Barra CEO, making her the first
woman to lead a U.S. auto manufacturer.

Hilton Worldwide Holdings, the world's biggest hotel operator, raised $2.35
billion in a record initial public offering for a lodging company. The
McLean-based company and some existing shareholders sold 117 million shares for
$20 each. Blackstone is taking advantage of near-highs in U.S. stocks and a
rebound in the hotel market to take Hilton public six years after acquiring it
for $26 billion at the end of the buyout boom. At the IPO price, Hilton will
have a market value of about $19.7 billion.

The U.S. Treasurysold the rest of its GM stock, closing the book on its bailout.

GMsold its remaining 8.5 percent stake in Ally Financial for $900 million. The
automaker did not say who bought the shares. Ally, formerly known as GMAC, was a
unit of GM until private-equity firm Cerberus Capital Management bought a
majority stake in the lender in 2006. Ally later received a $17.2 billion
federal bailout.

Ford Motorsaid it will hire more than 11,000 people in the United States and
Asia next year to support an aggressive rollout of 23 new models.

The Royal Bank of Scotland will pay $100 million to resolve U.S. investigations
into the bank's dealings with Sudan, Iran and other sanctioned countries, U.S.
authorities said. Between 2005 and 2009, the bank processed $34 million in wire
transfers that violated sanctions against Sudan, Iran, Cuba and Burma, the
Treasury said, adding that $32 million  came from Sudan.

GMis not required to pay $450 million to cover medical benefits for retirees, a
federal judge ruled in a defeat for the United Auto Workers union. The payment
had been part of a June 2007 contract between the old GM, its former Delphi
affiliate and the UAW. It was not included in a contract over medical benefits
signed in July 2009.

JPMorgan Chase was reportedly close to an agreement to pay federal authorities
about $2 billion to resolve investigations into whether the bank failed to alert
the government to Bernard L. Madoff's Ponzi scheme

Instagram, the photo-sharing service, unveiled a feature that allows users to
send images and messages privately, as the Facebook-owned company sought to
bolster its appeal among younger consumers who are increasingly using mobile
messaging applications.

Twitterrose the most since its initial public offering as new advertising
products spurred optimism about the social-networking company's future sales
growth. Twitter shares gained 9.3 percent in a day to close at $49.14. Twitter
has expanded a tool that lets marketers target consumers who have expressed
interest in their products based on Web-browsing histories.

The Food and Drug Administrationwill try to stop teens from smoking the same way
the tobacco industry tries to get them to buy cigarettes - with top-flight
advertising agencies.

Qualcommsaid it will make smartphone chips with 64-bit features typically found
in personal computers, following Apple and opening the way to more-efficient
mobile gadgets. The firm said its new Snapdragon 410 component will be aimed at
the fast-growing Chinese market.

Microsofthas sold more than 2 million Xbox One video-game consoles since its
launch, catching rival Sony's PlayStation 4, released a week earlier.

CareCredit, a medical financing firm, was ordered by the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau to pay $34.1 million in restitution over its enrollment
practices.

Former senator Judd Gregg(R-N.H.) is stepping down from his post as chief
executive of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association after
less than a year in the position. Gregg will continue serving as a senior
adviser to the group.

Former CIA agent Jonna Mendez, wife of Tony Mendez of "Argo" fame, has taken her
spy expertise to Target as a "Kids' Gift Detective."

Lululemon Athletica said founder Chip Wilson is stepping down as chairman after
criticism over comments about the body types of potential buyers of the chain's
yoga pants. The company named a chief executive, Laurent Potdevin.

Fire-ravaged Frager's Hardware is selling Christmas trees - much to the delight
of many loyal customers - as it prepares to rebuild its business on Capitol
Hill.

Deals

American Airlines,the new carrier formed when American Airlines' parent and US
Airways completed a merger last week, said it ordered 90 regional jets from
Embraer and Bombardier in deals worth about $4 billion at list prices.

Earnings

Smith & Wesson's quarterly profit dropped 20 percent, to $17 million, despite
growth in handgun sales and better margins.

Toll Brothers'profit sank 77 percent, to $95 million, but the luxury home
builder expects both revenue growth and increasing profitability in fiscal 2014.

Economy

Stanley Fischer,the former governor of the Bank of Israel, is reportedly the
leading candidate to be vice chairman of the Federal Reserve.

The U.S. dollar reached a five-year high vs. the yen on increased speculation
that the Fed will start to trim its $85 billion of monthly asset purchases at a
meeting next week. The dollar peaked at 103.92 yen, the strongest level since
October 2008. The greenback gained 0.2 percent to $1.3727 per euro.

The average 30-year fixed-rate mortgagedeclined to 4.42 percent, from 4.46
percent the previous week. The average on the 15-year loan dipped to 3.43
percent, from 3.47 percent.

November retail salesrose the most in five months, boosted by increasing
consumer confidence.

Washington

The Housevoted 332 to 94 to approve a two-year budget outline that would reduce
the chance of another government shutdown and end the cycle of crisis budgeting
that has been the scourge of Washington for much of the past three years. The
House also passed legislation that would extend the farm bill through January
and approved the annual policy bill for the Pentagon.

Regulatorsvoted to back the long-awaited Volcker rule, preventing big banks from
trading for their benefit.

Transitions

The pay gap between men and women in the United States is closing. Increased
college attendance is helping to boost wages for women of the "millennial"
generation, who say they are more career-driven than their male counterparts,
the Pew Research Center said. The analysis found that women 25 to 34 made about
93 cents for every dollar earned by men in 2012.

- From news services and staff reports

$77.3[#x200a]trillionU.S. net worth

Americans' wealth reached an all-time high this summer, buoyed by record-setting
stock prices and a healthy recovery in home values. Net worth reflects the value
of homes, stocks, bank accounts and other assets minus mortgages, credit cards
and other debts. Rising stock prices boosted Americans' net worth by $917
billion. Higher home values added $428 billion.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              6 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 15, 2013 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

NSA exploits Google cookies to track users

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 1261 words


The National Security Agency is secretly piggybacking on the tools that enable
Internet advertisers to track consumers, using "cookies" and location data to
pinpoint targets for government hacking and to bolster surveillance. Â¶ The
agency's internal presentation slides, provided by former NSA contractor Edward
Snowden, show that when companies follow consumers on the Internet, the
technique opens the door for similar tracking by the government. Â¶ For years,
privacy advocates have raised concerns about the use of commercial tracking
tools to identify and target consumers with advertisements. The ad industry has
said its practices benefit consumers by showing them ads more likely to be of
interest to them. This revelation could hand privacy advocates a new argument
for reining in commercial surveillance.

Business

General Motors named longtime executive Mary Barra CEO, making her the first
woman to lead a U.S. auto manufacturer.

Hilton Worldwide Holdings, the world's biggest hotel operator, raised $2.35
billion in a record initial public offering for a lodging company. The
McLean-based company and some existing shareholders sold 117 million shares for
$20 each. Blackstone is taking advantage of near-highs in U.S. stocks and a
rebound in the hotel market to take Hilton public six years after acquiring it
for $26 billion at the end of the buyout boom. At the IPO price, Hilton will
have a market value of about $19.7 billion.

The U.S. Treasury sold the rest of its GM stock, closing the book on its
bailout.

GM sold its remaining 8.5 percent stake in Ally Financial for $900 million. The
automaker did not say who bought the shares. Ally, formerly known as GMAC, was a
unit of GM until private-equity firm Cerberus Capital Management bought a
majority stake in the lender in 2006. Ally later received a $17.2 billion
federal bailout.

Ford Motor said it will hire more than 11,000 people in the United States and
Asia next year to support an aggressive rollout of 23 new models.

The Royal Bank of Scotland will pay $100 million to resolve U.S. investigations
into the bank's dealings with Sudan, Iran and other sanctioned countries, U.S.
authorities said. Between 2005 and 2009, the bank processed $34 million in wire
transfers that violated sanctions against Sudan, Iran, Cuba and Burma, the
Treasury said, adding that $32 million  came from Sudan.

GM is not required to pay $450 million to cover medical benefits for retirees, a
federal judge ruled in a defeat for the United Auto Workers union. The payment
had been part of a June 2007 contract between the old GM, its former Delphi
affiliate and the UAW. It was not included in a contract over medical benefits
signed in July 2009.

JPMorgan Chase was reportedly close to an agreement to pay federal authorities
about $2 billion to resolve investigations into whether the bank failed to alert
the government to Bernard L. Madoff's Ponzi scheme

Instagram, the photo-sharing service, unveiled a feature that allows users to
send images and messages privately, as the Facebook-owned company sought to
bolster its appeal among younger consumers who are increasingly using mobile
messaging applications.

Twitter rose the most since its initial public offering as new advertising
products spurred optimism about the social-networking company's future sales
growth. Twitter shares gained 9.3 percent in a day to close at $49.14. Twitter
has expanded a tool that lets marketers target consumers who have expressed
interest in their products based on Web-browsing histories.

The Food and Drug Administration will try to stop teens from smoking the same
way the tobacco industry tries to get them to buy cigarettes - with top-flight
advertising agencies.

Qualcomm said it will make smartphone chips with 64-bit features typically found
in personal computers, following Apple and opening the way to more-efficient
mobile gadgets. The firm said its new Snapdragon 410 component will be aimed at
the fast-growing Chinese market.

Microsoft has sold more than 2 million Xbox One video-game consoles since its
launch, catching rival Sony's PlayStation 4, released a week earlier.

CareCredit, a medical financing firm, was ordered by the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau to pay $34.1 million in restitution over its enrollment
practices.

Former senator Judd Gregg (R-N.H.) is stepping down from his post as chief
executive of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association after
less than a year in the position. Gregg will continue serving as a senior
adviser to the group.

Former CIA agent Jonna Mendez, wife of Tony Mendez of "Argo" fame, has taken her
spy expertise to Target as a "Kids' Gift Detective."

Lululemon Athletica said founder Chip Wilson is stepping down as chairman after
criticism over comments about the body types of potential buyers of the chain's
yoga pants. The company named a chief executive, Laurent Potdevin.

Fire-ravaged Frager's Hardware is selling Christmas trees - much to the delight
of many loyal customers - as it prepares to rebuild its business on Capitol
Hill.

Deals

American Airlines, the new carrier formed when American Airlines' parent and US
Airways completed a merger last week, said it ordered 90 regional jets from
Embraer and Bombardier in deals worth about $4 billion at list prices.

Earnings

Smith & Wesson's quarterly profit dropped 20 percent, to $17 million, despite
growth in handgun sales and better margins.

Toll Brothers' profit sank 77 percent, to $95 million, but the luxury home
builder expects both revenue growth and increasing profitability in fiscal 2014.


Economy

Stanley Fischer, the former governor of the Bank of Israel, is reportedly the
leading candidate to be vice chairman of the Federal Reserve.

The U.S. dollar reached a five-year high vs. the yen on increased speculation
that the Fed will start to trim its $85 billion of monthly asset purchases at a
meeting next week. The dollar peaked at 103.92 yen, the strongest level since
October 2008. The greenback gained 0.2 percent to $1.3727 per euro.

The average 30-year fixed-rate mortgage declined to 4.42 percent, from 4.46
percent the previous week. The average on the 15-year loan dipped to 3.43
percent, from 3.47 percent.

November retail sales rose the most in five months, boosted by increasing
consumer confidence.

Washington

The House voted 332 to 94 to approve a two-year budget outline that would reduce
the chance of another government shutdown and end the cycle of crisis budgeting
that has been the scourge of Washington for much of the past three years. The
House also passed legislation that would extend the farm bill through January
and approved the annual policy bill for the Pentagon.

Regulators voted to back the long-awaited Volcker rule, preventing big banks
from trading for their benefit.

Transitions

The pay gap between men and women in the United States is closing. Increased
college attendance is helping to boost wages for women of the "millennial"
generation, who say they are more career-driven than their male counterparts,
the Pew Research Center said. The analysis found that women 25 to 34 made about
93 cents for every dollar earned by men in 2012.

- From news services and staff reports

$77.3â[#x20ac][#x160]trillionU.S. net worth

Americans' wealth reached an all-time high this summer, buoyed by record-setting
stock prices and a healthy recovery in home values. Net worth reflects the value
of homes, stocks, bank accounts and other assets minus mortgages, credit cards
and other debts. Rising stock prices boosted Americans' net worth by $917
billion. Higher home values added $428 billion.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     December 4, 2013 Wednesday 8:13 PM EST

The meaning of a bed

BYLINE: Robert Samuels

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1360 words


Flavia Ford sat behind the wheel of her sister's car, unable to move. It took
only half an hour to get from her new apartment in Northeast Washington to this
warehouse parking lot in Silver Spring, but in truth it had been a very long
journey.

Two years ago, Ford and her now-7-year-old daughter, Sheikira, began roaming the
streets, all of their possessions in just three bags. They slept in the back of
a truck, on the hard floor of an ATM enclosure and, on lucky nights, in hotel
beds.

Finally, three months ago, Ford, 30, found an affordable place to live. Now,
through a stranger's donation, she would be able to take the next step toward
building a new life.

The anticipation was paralyzing. Her cellphone rang, but she didn't pick up.

"I've got to get myself together," Ford said, wiping away tears.

She reminded herself that homelessness had not crippled her; here was a chance
to let go of the past.

On this November day, she and Sheikira would finally get their own beds.

Of all the clothes and furniture given to the poor at the Silver Spring
nonprofit A Wider Circle, no item is more desired - or valuable - than a bed
with a good, clean mattress.

What more intimate piece of furniture does a person have? It's the cushion from
exhaustion, refuge from a bad day, the place where parents read to their
children.

But the supply has rarely met the demand, especially as the number of clients at
the charity has grown from 2,180 in 2007 to more than 17,000 today. They come
for job training, business suits, toys and furniture - especially beds.

About five years ago, Executive Director Mark Bergel kept overhearing staff
members explain to clients that a pullout sofa was just as good as a bed, he
said. That didn't ring true to Bergel, who decided to donate his own bed and
vowed to sleep without one until every person in the country had a bed. Even as
what might be called an extreme idealist, he knew that wouldn't happen quickly.

"I rarely get a good night's rest,'' Bergel said. "I have a bad back. But for
us, the bed is a symbol of comfort and empowerment."

When Ford called in August, the staff promised to help her get a bed as soon as
possible.

The waiting list was four months long.

One week before Ford's appointment, Tracie Felker's doorbell rang.

"I'm sorry, the power's been out all afternoon,'' Felker told the two men at the
door. The outreach workers from A Wider Circle had come to her home in
Kensington to pick up donations."But I have a headlamp if it will help."

The workers crept gingerly down the dark stairs to the basement. Behind the
broken furniture and boxes were two twin-size Sears mattresses in a matching
peachy floral print.

Felker had received them after the death of her grandmother in Dalton, Ga.,
about six years ago. They had just been lying in the basement unused.

Back at A Wider Circle, there were two headboards and two footboards waiting,
but they were useless without mattresses that meet the charity's standards (no
stains, practically new).

As the workers lifted the mattresses in the dark basement, Felker began thinking
of other things to donate. Two end tables. Box springs. Chests of drawers.
Posters.

After the men finished loading their 10-wheel truck, the lights in the house
powered back on.

"Look at that!" Felker said. "Ha, it's a miracle!"

As Ford made her way inside the warehouse, she hugged everyone. Hugs to the
staffer who helped her pick out a white chest of drawers. Hugs to the woman who
gave her curtains and Tupperware containers.

When she saw the two mattresses waiting for her, she clapped her hands. "My own
bed, wow,'' Ford said, selecting white headboards and footboards and bed frames
from the piles.

Sheikira was elsewhere in the warehouse, picking out books and stuffed animals.

At her daughter's age, Ford was into sports and went on to be a shooting guard
on Dunbar Senior High's varsity basketball team. Ford said she left the area to
play college ball in Los Angeles but moved back for love.

When she and her fiance broke up, she and Sheikira moved in with her sister at a
public housing complex in Northeast Washington. After the sister kicked Ford and
Sheikira out following an argument, the two secretly slept in the back of the
sister's truck.

Ford tried to get on the list for affordable public housing in the District,
only to learn that the wait was years long. She said she tried getting into the
city's emergency family shelter, but a city official told her that it was full
.

She said she stopped asking the city for help after officials kept inquiring
about her child. "I didn't want them to take my baby away," she said.

Despite having jobs at stores and restaurants, she couldn't afford an apartment.
Instead, she rented couch space. Sheikira spent nights with her father
infrequently. Ford said she and her daughter also stayed at Marriott hotels,
thanks to a friend who gets a discount. And when Sheikira got a tummy ache,
they'd sleep in the emergency room.

They traversed the region with a bag full of clothes, another one for shoes and
a backpack overflowing with hotel receipts, in case Ford needed proof of her
spending to continue her public benefits.

"And through it all, no one would ever know. I kept my baby clean,'' Ford said.
"I'd pick her up and drop her off from school every day, and then we'd figure
out where we were sleeping."

She said she felt like she had gotten a reprieve last winter when she was hired
to work at the National Capital branch of the YMCA, earning about $300 a month
more than she had been making at an IHOP restaurant. She and Sheikira tried to
save money for a deposit on an apartment by sleeping in the ATM vestibule of a
nearby bank, huddled under a Tinkerbell blanket.

Later, Ford sent Sheikira to stay with a relative in the area, and she'd sneak
back into the YMCA to sleep on the gym's massage table after the custodial staff
went home.

In July, a landlord offered Ford a one-bedroom apartment in the Trinidad
neighborhood for $950 a month.

If she stretched her $520 biweekly paycheck, she could manage it. But she
couldn't afford the security deposit. Despondent, she spoke with a co-worker.

Donnie Shaw, community relations director at the YMCA of Metropolitan
Washington, encouraged her to tell her bosses about the situation.

"I told her to tell them where she'd been sleeping,'' Shaw said. "Here was a
woman who is working hard. You see her with her child all the time, and she
still can't find a place to live. We had to help."

Ford received a pay advance to cover the deposit, and she bought two air
mattresses. Shaw referred her to A Wider Circle, and he agreed to help ferry the
beds to her new home.

As workers loaded Ford's furniture into Shaw's pickup truck, he joked that Ford
was like a character in a modern-day "Beverly Hillbillies." He began singing a
parody of the show's theme song:

"First thing you know that she's a millionaire,

"Kinfolk said, 'Flavia, move away from here,

"Trinidad is the place you ought to be'

"So we loaded up the truck . . .''

Ford interrupted him with her laughter.

Ford's new neighbors watched from outside their two-story attached homes as Shaw
and another friend moved the furniture into the apartment.

"Now you make sure to keep this place up,'' Shaw told Ford. "Don't wait for
anyone to do it. . . . That's how you make the neighborhood better."

Ford's apartment was barren except for a television, the air mattresses and a
closet stuffed with their belongings. As Ford began to unpack, Sheikira ran to
the living room to play with her stuffed animals.

Ford went into the den, converted into a bedroom for her daughter. She set down
a white headboard and a footboard, and then connected them to one of the bed
frames. Next, she hoisted the box springs on top of it, then a peach-colored
mattress on top of that. At last, she spread a turquoise sheet over the bed.

She stood back and paused.

"Sheikira, come over here!" she yelled down the hall. "Look what Mommy made."

But Sheikira didn't move.

"Shhhh,'' she replied. "My baby's sleeping."

In the living room, her daughter had put the stuffed animals to sleep somewhere
familiar: the hardwood floor.

robert.samuels@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 4, 2013 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

The meaning of a bed

BYLINE: Robert Samuels

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1355 words


Flavia Ford sat behind the wheel of her sister's car, unable to move. It took
only half an hour to get from her new apartment in Northeast Washington to this
warehouse parking lot in Silver Spring, but in truth it had been a very long
journey.

Two years ago, Ford and her now-7-year-old daughter, Sheikira, began roaming the
streets, all of their possessions in just three bags. They slept in the back of
a truck, on the hard floor of an ATM enclosure and, on lucky nights, in hotel
beds.

Finally, three months ago, Ford, 30, found an affordable place to live. Now,
through a stranger's donation, she would be able to take the next step toward
building a new life.

The anticipation was paralyzing. Her cellphone rang, but she didn't pick up.

"I've got to get myself together," Ford said, wiping away tears.

She reminded herself that homelessness had not crippled her; here was a chance
to let go of the past.

On this November day, she and Sheikira would finally get their own beds.

Of all the clothes and furniture given to the poor at the Silver Spring
nonprofit A Wider Circle, no item is more desired - or valuable - than a bed
with a good, clean mattress.

What more intimate piece of furniture does a person have? It's the cushion from
exhaustion, refuge from a bad day, the place where parents read to their
children.

But the supply has rarely met the demand, especially as the number of clients at
the charity has grown from 2,180 in 2007 to more than 17,000 today. They come
for job training, business suits, toys and furniture - especially beds.

About five years ago, Executive Director Mark Bergel kept overhearing staff
members explain to clients that a pullout sofa was just as good as a bed, he
said. That didn't ring true to Bergel, who decided to donate his own bed and
vowed to sleep without one until every person in the country had a bed. Even as
what might be called an extreme idealist, he knew that wouldn't happen quickly.

"I rarely get a good night's rest,'' Bergel said. "I have a bad back. But for
us, the bed is a symbol of comfort and empowerment."

When Ford called in August, the staff promised to help her get a bed as soon as
possible.

The waiting list was four months long.

One week before Ford's appointment, Tracie Felker's doorbell rang.

"I'm sorry, the power's been out all afternoon,'' Felker told the two men at the
door. The outreach workers from A Wider Circle had come to her home in
Kensington to pick up donations."But I have a headlamp if it will help."

The workers crept gingerly down the dark stairs to the basement. Behind the
broken furniture and boxes were two twin-size Sears mattresses in a matching
peachy floral print.

Felker had received them after the death of her grandmother in Dalton, Ga.,
about six years ago. They had just been lying in the basement unused.

Back at A Wider Circle, there were two headboards and two footboards waiting,
but they were useless without mattresses that meet the charity's standards (no
stains, practically new).

As the workers lifted the mattresses in the dark basement, Felker began thinking
of other things to donate. Two end tables. Box springs. Chests of drawers.
Posters.

After the men finished loading their 10-wheel truck, the lights in the house
powered back on.

"Look at that!" Felker said. "Ha, it's a miracle!"

As Ford made her way inside the warehouse, she hugged everyone. Hugs to the
staffer who helped her pick out a white chest of drawers. Hugs to the woman who
gave her curtains and Tupperware containers.

When she saw the two mattresses waiting for her, she clapped her hands. "My own
bed, wow,'' Ford said, selecting white headboards and footboards and bed frames
from the piles.

Sheikira was elsewhere in the warehouse, picking out books and stuffed animals.

At her daughter's age, Ford was into sports and went on to be a shooting guard
on Dunbar Senior High's varsity basketball team. Ford said she left the area to
play college ball in Los Angeles but moved back for love.

When she and her fiance broke up, she and Sheikira moved in with her sister at a
public housing complex in Northeast Washington. After the sister kicked Ford and
Sheikira out following an argument, the two secretly slept in the back of the
sister's truck.

Ford tried to get on the list for affordable public housing in the District,
only to learn that the wait was years long. She said she tried getting into the
city's emergency family shelter, but a city official told her that it was full
.

She said she stopped asking the city for help after officials kept inquiring
about her child. "I didn't want them to take my baby away," she said.

Despite having jobs at stores and restaurants, she couldn't afford an apartment.
Instead, she rented couch space. Sheikira spent nights with her father
infrequently. Ford said she and her daughter also stayed at Marriott hotels,
thanks to a friend who gets a discount. And when Sheikira got a tummy ache,
they'd sleep in the emergency room.

They traversed the region with a bag full of clothes, another one for shoes and
a backpack overflowing with hotel receipts, in case Ford needed proof of her
spending to continue her public benefits.

"And through it all, no one would ever know. I kept my baby clean,'' Ford said.
"I'd pick her up and drop her off from school every day, and then we'd figure
out where we were sleeping."

She said she felt like she had gotten a reprieve last winter when she was hired
to work at the National Capital branch of the YMCA, earning about $300 a month
more than she had been making at an IHOP restaurant. She and Sheikira tried to
save money for a deposit on an apartment by sleeping in the ATM vestibule of a
nearby bank, huddled under a Tinkerbell blanket.

Later, Ford sent Sheikira to stay with a relative in the area, and she'd sneak
back into the YMCA to sleep on the gym's massage table after the custodial staff
went home.

In July, a landlord offered Ford a one-bedroom apartment in the Trinidad
neighborhood for $950 a month.

If she stretched her $520 biweekly paycheck, she could manage it. But she
couldn't afford the security deposit. Despondent, she spoke with a co-worker.

Donnie Shaw, community relations director at the YMCA of Metropolitan
Washington, encouraged her to tell her bosses about the situation.

"I told her to tell them where she'd been sleeping,'' Shaw said. "Here was a
woman who is working hard. You see her with her child all the time, and she
still can't find a place to live. We had to help."

Ford received a pay advance to cover the deposit, and she bought two air
mattresses. Shaw referred her to A Wider Circle, and he agreed to help ferry the
beds to her new home.

As workers loaded Ford's furniture into Shaw's pickup truck, he joked that Ford
was like a character in a modern-day "Beverly Hillbillies." He began singing a
parody of the show's theme song:

"First thing you know that she's a millionaire,

"Kinfolk said, 'Flavia, move away from here,

"Trinidad is the place you ought to be'

"So we loaded up the truck . . .''

Ford interrupted him with her laughter.

Ford's new neighbors watched from outside their two-story attached homes as Shaw
and another friend moved the furniture into the apartment.

"Now you make sure to keep this place up,'' Shaw told Ford. "Don't wait for
anyone to do it. . . . That's how you make the neighborhood better."

Ford's apartment was barren except for a television, the air mattresses and a
closet stuffed with their belongings. As Ford began to unpack, Sheikira ran to
the living room to play with her stuffed animals.

Ford went into the den, converted into a bedroom for her daughter. She set down
a white headboard and a footboard, and then connected them to one of the bed
frames. Next, she hoisted the box springs on top of it, then a peach-colored
mattress on top of that. At last, she spread a turquoise sheet over the bed.

She stood back and paused.

"Sheikira, come over here!" she yelled down the hall. "Look what Mommy made."

But Sheikira didn't move.

"Shhhh,'' she replied. "My baby's sleeping."

In the living room, her daughter had put the stuffed animals to sleep somewhere
familiar: the hardwood floor.

robert.samuels@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              9 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      December 2, 2013 Monday 8:13 PM EST

Treasured panda cub now hasa name to match

BYLINE: Michael S. Rosenwald

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 627 words


The world's most adorable captive animal finally has a name.

At a National Zoo ceremony on Sunday, complete with lion dancers and Chinese
snacks, Smithsonian officials and Chinese diplomats celebrated the giant panda
cub's first 100 days of life by revealing the results of an online vote to name
her.

The name of the cuddly obsession, certain to soon adorn numerous tchotchkes and
stimulate the zoo's gift shop economy, is - Chinese drum roll - Bao Bao. It
means "precious" or "treasure" and is pronounced "bough BOUGH."

More than 123,000 votes came in from around the world, though that was well
short of the 200,000 votes cast in 2005 to name Bao Bao's brother, Tai Shan.
Dignitaries unrolled scrolls to reveal the name in Chinese and English following
dueling speeches from the U.S. and Chinese first ladies delivered via video.

"Ni hao! And hello," Michelle Obama said. She stressed the panda caretaking and
research partnership between China and the United States, without noting that
traditional diplomatic activities remain tense. "So today, we're thrilled to
welcome this little cub - a cub who exemplifies both the common bond between our
nations and the brighter future of this magnificent species. That's a lot for a
little bear, but I think she's up to it."

Peng Liyuan, China's first lady, cradled a stuffed animal panda as she spoke.

"Many people love baby pandas as they love their own children," she said in her
native language, according to a transcript, adding, "As 'living fossils' that
are rare, cuddly, smart and brave, they have captured the heart of the Chinese,
Americans, and indeed people all over the world."

Since Bao Bao's birth Aug. 23, her daily life has been transmitted around the
world - except during the government shutdown - through a popular panda cam,
which is sponsored by the Ford Motor Co. Fund. Bao Bao can even be watched on
the go via the zoo's smartphone app, which sells for $1.99.

Bao Bao spent much of Sunday morning lying on her side, appearing either asleep
or bored. She occasionally wiggled her toes.

But just before the speeches, as if on cue, a panda-cam monitor on stage showed
Bao Bao's mother, Mei Xiang, going in to cuddle with her. There were many oohs
and aahs from the assembled important people in reserved seats and zoogoers
crowded in behind them on an elevated platform.

Later, Mei Xiang could be seen pushing her cub across the floor. Bao Bao, who
now weighs 11.66 pounds, is taking baby steps toward walking but is still mostly
a scooter. Her public debut is set for early next year.

The winning name beat out Ling Hua (darling, delicate flower), Long Yun (Long
equals a dragon symbol, Yun equals charming), Mulan (legendary young woman) and
Zhen Bao (treasure, valuable).

Just minutes before the announcement, distinct and boisterous name camps formed
online. "Hey everyone at the zoo - just start chanting Bao Bao. Please?" wrote
@tigerflight on Twitter. This opinion was not shared by @ashleyjtippie, who
wrote, "If the name is Bao Bao I'll be so done."

Panda obsessors who don't like the final result, or the choices to begin with,
can point fingers at the following name nominators: China's ambassador to the
United States, Cui Tiankai; Gary Locke, the U.S. ambassador to China, and his
family; the panda's keepers at the zoo; panda keepers at the cub's future home
in China ; and Friends of the National Zoo, who submitted the winning name.

Christie Harper of Derwood, Md., watched the festivities from the platform. She
wore a plush panda hat. She is a panda fan of serious dedication, having visited
Tai Shan in China.

When the scrolls dropped, Harper was really hoping to see "Ling Hua," but she'll
live with the results.

"I'm very excited," she said, "to just have a cub."

mike.rosenwald@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 2, 2013 Monday
                                Suburban Edition

Treasured panda cub now hasa name to match

BYLINE: Michael S. Rosenwald

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 627 words


The world's most adorable captive animal finally has a name.

At a National Zoo ceremony on Sunday, complete with lion dancers and Chinese
snacks, Smithsonian officials and Chinese diplomats celebrated the giant panda
cub's first 100 days of life by revealing the results of an online vote to name
her.

The name of the cuddly obsession, certain to soon adorn numerous tchotchkes and
stimulate the zoo's gift shop economy, is - Chinese drum roll - Bao Bao. It
means "precious" or "treasure" and is pronounced "bough BOUGH."

More than 123,000 votes came in from around the world, though that was well
short of the 200,000 votes cast in 2005 to name Bao Bao's brother, Tai Shan.
Dignitaries unrolled scrolls to reveal the name in Chinese and English following
dueling speeches from the U.S. and Chinese first ladies delivered via video.

"Ni hao! And hello," Michelle Obama said. She stressed the panda caretaking and
research partnership between China and the United States, without noting that
traditional diplomatic activities remain tense. "So today, we're thrilled to
welcome this little cub - a cub who exemplifies both the common bond between our
nations and the brighter future of this magnificent species. That's a lot for a
little bear, but I think she's up to it."

Peng Liyuan, China's first lady, cradled a stuffed animal panda as she spoke.

"Many people love baby pandas as they love their own children," she said in her
native language, according to a transcript, adding, "As 'living fossils' that
are rare, cuddly, smart and brave, they have captured the heart of the Chinese,
Americans, and indeed people all over the world."

Since Bao Bao's birth Aug. 23, her daily life has been transmitted around the
world - except during the government shutdown - through a popular panda cam,
which is sponsored by the Ford Motor Co. Fund. Bao Bao can even be watched on
the go via the zoo's smartphone app, which sells for $1.99.

Bao Bao spent much of Sunday morning lying on her side, appearing either asleep
or bored. She occasionally wiggled her toes.

But just before the speeches, as if on cue, a panda-cam monitor on stage showed
Bao Bao's mother, Mei Xiang, going in to cuddle with her. There were many oohs
and aahs from the assembled important people in reserved seats and zoogoers
crowded in behind them on an elevated platform.

Later, Mei Xiang could be seen pushing her cub across the floor. Bao Bao, who
now weighs 11.66 pounds, is taking baby steps toward walking but is still mostly
a scooter. Her public debut is set for early next year.

The winning name beat out Ling Hua (darling, delicate flower), Long Yun (Long
equals a dragon symbol, Yun equals charming), Mulan (legendary young woman) and
Zhen Bao (treasure, valuable).

Just minutes before the announcement, distinct and boisterous name camps formed
online. "Hey everyone at the zoo - just start chanting Bao Bao. Please?" wrote
@tigerflight on Twitter. This opinion was not shared by @ashleyjtippie, who
wrote, "If the name is Bao Bao I'll be so done."

Panda obsessors who don't like the final result, or the choices to begin with,
can point fingers at the following name nominators: China's ambassador to the
United States, Cui Tiankai; Gary Locke, the U.S. ambassador to China, and his
family; the panda's keepers at the zoo; panda keepers at the cub's future home
in China ; and Friends of the National Zoo, who submitted the winning name.

Christie Harper of Derwood, Md., watched the festivities from the platform. She
wore a plush panda hat. She is a panda fan of serious dedication, having visited
Tai Shan in China.

When the scrolls dropped, Harper was really hoping to see "Ling Hua," but she'll
live with the results.

"I'm very excited," she said, "to just have a cub."

mike.rosenwald@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     November 19, 2013 Tuesday 8:13 PM EST

World Digest: Nov. 18, 2013

SECTION: A section; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 708 words


LIBYA          Military tries to push militias from capital

Libya's military swept into the capital Monday with dozens of pickup trucks
mounted withantiaircraft guns in an operation to drive out militiamen, and it
received a warm welcome from Libyans seething with anger against the numerous
armed groups running rampant in the country.

Libya is seeing its strongest public uproar yet against militias, which have
fueled chaos nationwide since the 2011 fall of longtime leader Moammar Gaddafi.
The heavily armed groups, some  made up of Islamist militants, have defied
control by the weak central government in Tripoli, carving out fiefdoms and
acting as a law unto themselves.

But the move to rein in militias risks a backlash leading to outright battles
between pro- and anti-government militias. Since many of the groups are rooted
in specific cities, any violence could pit city against city. Monday's sweep was
the most assertive yet by the army.

Essam al-Naas, spokesman for the Joint Operation Room, a security body under the
prime minister, said that as the military deployed, militias from the western
city of Misurata withdrew from four districts of the capital andreturned to
their city.

Libya's deputy intelligence chief, Mustafa Noah, also was freed Monday, a day
after he was seized by gunmen as he was leaving Tripoli's airport, a security
official said, speaking on the condition of anonymity in line with regulations.
It was unclear who had taken Noah, whose family hails from Misurata.

- Associated Press

AFGHANISTAN          Headless bodies identified as police

Two separate roadside bombs killed nine children in Afghanistan on Monday, while
six bodies found the day before in a southern province were identified as police
and not contractors as was initially reported, officials said.

A roadside bomb killed seven children from the same family in eastern
Afghanistan's Paktika province, said Mokhlis Afghan, a spokesman for the
governor. Three other children in the family were wounded. The children were
playing on a road near their home when the bomb exploded.

In the southern province of Zabul, two children were killed when their family's
vehicle hit a roadside bomb,  Deputy Governor Mohammed Jan Rasoolyar said.

He also said officials had identified the six bodies found Sunday, all
decapitated, as policemen. Confusion had arisen because they were in civilian
clothes.

- Associated Press

CANADA          Toronto mayor loses most of his powers

Toronto's City Council  voted Monday to strip scandal-plagued Mayor Rob Ford of
most of his powers after a heated debate during which he knocked over a female
council member.

The council voted overwhelmingly to cut Ford's office budget by 60 percent and
allow his staff to join the deputy mayor. Ford now effectively has no
legislative power. He retains his title and ability to represent Toronto at
official functions.

Toronto has been abuzz with the Ford melodrama since May, when news outlets
reported that he had been caught on video smoking crack cocaine.

During the debate, Ford paced and traded barbs with the public. At one point, he
charged across the chamber and knocked over council member Pam McConnell before
picking her back up. Another member asked him to apologize. Ford said he was
rushing to the defense of his brother,  council member Doug Ford.

- Associated Press

Iran announces new drone:Iran unveiled a new aircraft Monday that it says is the
biggest drone yet to be developed in the Islamic republic, capable of staying
aloft for up to 30 hours. Defense Minister  Hossein Dehghan said the
reconnaissance and combat drone Fotros has a range of 1,250 miles. That would
cover much of the Middle East, including Israel.

Bachelet wins first round of Chile election:Leftist candidate Michelle Bachelet
was the clear winner in Chile's presidential election  Sunday, although she will
have to wait until a second-round runoff next month to seal her victory.
Bachelet, who led Chile between 2006 and 2010 as its first female president,
clinched just under47 percent of the vote. Former labor minister Evelyn Matthei
of the ruling right-wing coalition was second with 25 percent.

- From news services

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 19, 2013 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

World Digest: Nov. 18, 2013

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 689 words

LIBYA

Military tries to push militias from capital

Libya's military swept into the capital Monday with dozens of pickup trucks
mounted withantiaircraft guns in an operation to drive out militiamen, and it
received a warm welcome from Libyans seething with anger against the numerous
armed groups running rampant in the country.

Libya is seeing its strongest public uproar yet against militias, which have
fueled chaos nationwide since the 2011 fall of longtime leader Moammar Gaddafi.
The heavily armed groups, some  made up of Islamist militants, have defied
control by the weak central government in Tripoli, carving out fiefdoms and
acting as a law unto themselves.

But the move to rein in militias risks a backlash leading to outright battles
between pro- and anti-government militias. Since many of the groups are rooted
in specific cities, any violence could pit city against city. Monday's sweep was
the most assertive yet by the army.

Essam al-Naas, spokesman for the Joint Operation Room, a security body under the
prime minister, said that as the military deployed, militias from the western
city of Misurata withdrew from four districts of the capital andreturned to
their city.

Libya's deputy intelligence chief, Mustafa Noah, also was freed Monday, a day
after he was seized by gunmen as he was leaving Tripoli's airport, a security
official said, speaking on the condition of anonymity in line with regulations.
It was unclear who had taken Noah, whose family hails from Misurata.

- Associated Press

AFGHANISTAN

Headless bodies identified as police

Two separate roadside bombs killed nine children in Afghanistan on Monday, while
six bodies found the day before in a southern province were identified as police
and not contractors as was initially reported, officials said.

A roadside bomb killed seven children from the same family in eastern
Afghanistan's Paktika province, said Mokhlis Afghan, a spokesman for the
governor. Three other children in the family were wounded. The children were
playing on a road near their home when the bomb exploded.

In the southern province of Zabul, two children were killed when their family's
vehicle hit a roadside bomb,  Deputy Governor Mohammed Jan Rasoolyar said.

He also said officials had identified the six bodies found Sunday, all
decapitated, as policemen. Confusion had arisen because they were in civilian
clothes.

- Associated Press

CANADA

Toronto mayor loses most of his powers

Toronto's City Council  voted Monday to strip scandal-plagued Mayor Rob Ford of
most of his powers after a heated debate during which he knocked over a female
council member.

The council voted overwhelmingly to cut Ford's office budget by 60 percent and
allow his staff to join the deputy mayor. Ford now effectively has no
legislative power. He retains his title and ability to represent Toronto at
official functions.

Toronto has been abuzz with the Ford melodrama since May, when news outlets
reported that he had been caught on video smoking crack cocaine.

During the debate, Ford paced and traded barbs with the public. At one point, he
charged across the chamber and knocked over council member Pam McConnell before
picking her back up. Another member asked him to apologize. Ford said he was
rushing to the defense of his brother,  council member Doug Ford.

- Associated Press

Iran announces new drone: Iran unveiled a new aircraft Monday that it says is
the biggest drone yet to be developed in the Islamic republic, capable of
staying aloft for up to 30 hours. Defense Minister  Hossein Dehghan said the
reconnaissance and combat drone Fotros has a range of 1,250 miles. That would
cover much of the Middle East, including Israel.

Bachelet wins first round of Chile election: Leftist candidate Michelle Bachelet
was the clear winner in Chile's presidential election  Sunday, although she will
have to wait until a second-round runoff next month to seal her victory.
Bachelet, who led Chile between 2006 and 2010 as its first female president,
clinched just under47 percent of the vote. Former labor minister Evelyn Matthei
of the ruling right-wing coalition was second with 25 percent.

- From news services

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     November 12, 2013 Tuesday 8:13 PM EST

For hack inspectors, new taxi rules mean new round of flak

BYLINE: Lori Aratani

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1130 words


For the best view in the battle over new rules for D.C.'s taxicabs, you need go
no further than the front seat of Andraea Benson's white Ford Impala.

Benson is one of 13 public vehicle enforcement inspectors - more familiarly,
hack inspectors. Her job? Making sure that everything in the District's taxi
world is copacetic.

These days, all is not well. District cabdrivers are in an uproar over new rules
that require them to have credit card readers and dome lights installed in their
cars. They've held protests and filed lawsuits. Some have joined forces with the
Teamsters, seeking a stronger voice in dealing with the city.

All this has meant more work - and flak - for folks such as Benson.

"We hear it all - 'It's not fair,' 'I didn't know,' 'It's too
expensive,'[#x200a]" she says.

On a bright Tuesday afternoon, Benson, 34, is midway through her regular shift.
She leaves the headquarters of the D.C. Taxicab Commission in Anacostia and
heads over the 11th Street Bridge, bound for downtown. Traffic is light, so it
takes only a few minutes for her to get there.

As she idles in traffic on Ninth Street, just north of the Smithsonian's Museum
of Natural History, a taxi driver in the lane next to her rolls down his window
and motions to get her attention. This could be good, or it could be bad.

Benson presses a button and herpassenger-side window rolls down.

"You catching any of my friends without the dome lights?" he asks with a
lopsided grin. "They can't be that stupid, can they?"

Benson smiles. "You'd be surprised."

The driver laughs and pulls away.

It's been five days since the inspectors began cracking down on drivers who
haven't installed the new digital dome lights. At least 25 cabs have been
impounded for not complying. The drivers say they need more time to install the
lights, which cost as much as $450. But the commission, which already extended
the deadline once, is standing firm. So part of Benson's mission this particular
day is to look for violations of  that rule.

She makes a right turn onto 14th Street. Just past the front entrance of the W
Hotel, she spies a burgundy-colored Toyota Camry. The dome light is fine, but
there's another issue. And before she can even put her car in park, the driver
spots her white Ford with the D.C. Taxicab Commission logo on the side, starts
his engine and attempts to pull away. Benson hits the lights on her dashboard,
then flips on the loudspeaker.

"Do NOT pull away," she says.

The driver turns off his engine. Benson strides up to his window. Even before
she asks for his license and registration, the driver is waving his arms and
trying to explain. Benson shakes her head and motions for the driver's
paperwork. D.C.'s hack inspectors can write tickets and impound cars but don't
have the power to arrest drivers.

Here's the deal: Cabdrivers have to park in an approved waiting space.
Otherwise, they can be cited for loitering.

This driver tells Benson he's waiting for a couple who popped back into the
hotel to get directions, but she simply shakes her head. "You have to have it on
your manifest," she says, pointing to the paper log where drivers record their
trips. Even an appeal from the cabbie's passengers, who emerge from the hotel
lobby midway through the stop, fails to win the driver a reprieve.

After five years on the job, Benson has developed a simple philosophy. "I'm
firm, but I'm not nasty," she said. "I understand these guys are trying to make
a living. But I'm trying to do my job, and if I don't do my job, I can't take
care of my business."

The driver of the burgundy cab is still grumbling as he accepts the ticket.
Turns out, this is his second citation for the same violation in two years,
which means he'll pay double the usual $25 fine. Benson reminds him he can
appeal the ticket. The Camry pulls away - empty. The passengers apparently have
found another ride.

Back in the car, Benson has moved just a few feet when another violator catches
her attention: a black Suburban with Virginia "for hire" plates.

"You can't be sitting on D.C. streets," she tells the driver, who comes running
up when he spies Benson moving toward his driver's side door. Five minutes
later, she slips a ticket under his wipers. Out-of-state vehicles that idle in
front of D.C. hotels and offices when they haven't been hired are a big problem,
Benson says.

Drivers from Maryland and Virginia can pick up passengers in the District as
long as they were hired in advance by a customer. They cannot arrive at their
destination more than 15 minutes ahead of the scheduled pickup time, and once
they drop a passenger off, they cannot pick up another unless prior arrangements
have been made. The rule is designed to prevent out-of-state cabbies from taking
customers from D.C. drivers.

Over the next few minutes, Benson spots two more out-of-state cars. The Maryland
Town Car driver parked outside the Washington Marriott at Metro Center gets a
pass after he proves he's waiting for a fare. But the Virginia driver with the
black Suburban outside the Four Points Sheraton on K Street doesn't fare so
well. He gets two tickets - one for idling and the other for not having his
passenger manifest in order. The result could be $75 in fines.

Benson hears a lot of good stories out on the job. And excuses? She's heard them
all.

Take the one about the dentures.

She'd pulled over a driver in Georgetown. He was from Virginia and had all kinds
of excuses to explain why he was cruising for passengers in the District, even
though it's against the rules. He had kids, he said. A family, he insisted.
Benson wasn't being fair.

And then, he played his last card. He pulled out his teeth and presented them to
Benson.

"He said, 'I don't even have any money to fix my teeth,'[#x200a]" Benson
recalls.

She shakes her head at the memory.

"I said, 'Sir, put your teeth back in your mouth.'[#x200a]" And then she handed
him three citations - one for driving a vehicle not licensed to pick up in the
District, one for not being licensed to pick up passengers in the District and
one for soliciting passengers - in all more than $1,000 in fines.

"I call it like I see it when I'm out here," she says.

Cab after cab passes with newfangled dome lights affixed firmly to their tops.
Apparently, word is out that the D.C. inspectors are serious, and it appears
that the only drivers daring to venture out are the ones who have the new
hardware.

So Benson, headed north on 14th Street, is startled when she spots a white Ford
parked across from a crepes shop sporting an old-style dome light.

"As long as they're not parked in front of a cab company, we've been instructed
to take it," she explains.

She makes a call.

"Hey, this is hack inspector 15," she says to the towing company dispatcher.
"Can you send a crane to 14th and S?"

lori.aratani@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 12, 2013 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

For hack inspectors, new taxi rules mean new round of flak

BYLINE: Lori Aratani

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1129 words


For the best view in the battle over new rules for D.C.'s taxicabs, you need go
no further than the front seat of Andraea Benson's white Ford Impala.

Benson is one of 13 public vehicle enforcement inspectors - more familiarly,
hack inspectors. Her job? Making sure that everything in the District's taxi
world is copacetic.

These days, all is not well. District cabdrivers are in an uproar over new rules
that require them to have credit card readers and dome lights installed in their
cars. They've held protests and filed lawsuits. Some have joined forces with the
Teamsters, seeking a stronger voice in dealing with the city.

All this has meant more work - and flak - for folks such as Benson.

"We hear it all - 'It's not fair,' 'I didn't know,' 'It's too
expensive,'â[#x20ac][#x160]" she says.

On a bright Tuesday afternoon, Benson, 34, is midway through her regular shift.
She leaves the headquarters of the D.C. Taxicab Commission in Anacostia and
heads over the 11th Street Bridge, bound for downtown. Traffic is light, so it
takes only a few minutes for her to get there.

As she idles in traffic on Ninth Street, just north of the Smithsonian's Museum
of Natural History, a taxi driver in the lane next to her rolls down his window
and motions to get her attention. This could be good, or it could be bad.

Benson presses a button and herpassenger-side window rolls down.

"You catching any of my friends without the dome lights?" he asks with a
lopsided grin. "They can't be that stupid, can they?"

Benson smiles. "You'd be surprised."

The driver laughs and pulls away.

It's been five days since the inspectors began cracking down on drivers who
haven't installed the new digital dome lights. At least 25 cabs have been
impounded for not complying. The drivers say they need more time to install the
lights, which cost as much as $450. But the commission, which already extended
the deadline once, is standing firm. So part of Benson's mission this particular
day is to look for violations of  that rule.

She makes a right turn onto 14th Street. Just past the front entrance of the W
Hotel, she spies a burgundy-colored Toyota Camry. The dome light is fine, but
there's another issue. And before she can even put her car in park, the driver
spots her white Ford with the D.C. Taxicab Commission logo on the side, starts
his engine and attempts to pull away. Benson hits the lights on her dashboard,
then flips on the loudspeaker.

"Do NOT pull away," she says.

The driver turns off his engine. Benson strides up to his window. Even before
she asks for his license and registration, the driver is waving his arms and
trying to explain. Benson shakes her head and motions for the driver's
paperwork. D.C.'s hack inspectors can write tickets and impound cars but don't
have the power to arrest drivers.

Here's the deal: Cabdrivers have to park in an approved waiting space.
Otherwise, they can be cited for loitering.

This driver tells Benson he's waiting for a couple who popped back into the
hotel to get directions, but she simply shakes her head. "You have to have it on
your manifest," she says, pointing to the paper log where drivers record their
trips. Even an appeal from the cabbie's passengers, who emerge from the hotel
lobby midway through the stop, fails to win the driver a reprieve.

After five years on the job, Benson has developed a simple philosophy. "I'm
firm, but I'm not nasty," she said. "I understand these guys are trying to make
a living. But I'm trying to do my job, and if I don't do my job, I can't take
care of my business."

The driver of the burgundy cab is still grumbling as he accepts the ticket.
Turns out, this is his second citation for the same violation in two years,
which means he'll pay double the usual $25 fine. Benson reminds him he can
appeal the ticket. The Camry pulls away - empty. The passengers apparently have
found another ride.

Back in the car, Benson has moved just a few feet when another violator catches
her attention: a black Suburban with Virginia "for hire" plates.

"You can't be sitting on D.C. streets," she tells the driver, who comes running
up when he spies Benson moving toward his driver's side door. Five minutes
later, she slips a ticket under his wipers. Out-of-state vehicles that idle in
front of D.C. hotels and offices when they haven't been hired are a big problem,
Benson says.

Drivers from Maryland and Virginia can pick up passengers in the District as
long as they were hired in advance by a customer. They cannot arrive at their
destination more than 15 minutes ahead of the scheduled pickup time, and once
they drop a passenger off, they cannot pick up another unless prior arrangements
have been made. The rule is designed to prevent out-of-state cabbies from taking
customers from D.C. drivers.

Over the next few minutes, Benson spots two more out-of-state cars. The Maryland
Town Car driver parked outside the Washington Marriott at Metro Center gets a
pass after he proves he's waiting for a fare. But the Virginia driver with the
black Suburban outside the Four Points Sheraton on K Street doesn't fare so
well. He gets two tickets - one for idling and the other for not having his
passenger manifest in order. The result could be $75 in fines.

Benson hears a lot of good stories out on the job. And excuses? She's heard them
all.

Take the one about the dentures.

She'd pulled over a driver in Georgetown. He was from Virginia and had all kinds
of excuses to explain why he was cruising for passengers in the District, even
though it's against the rules. He had kids, he said. A family, he insisted.
Benson wasn't being fair.

And then, he played his last card. He pulled out his teeth and presented them to
Benson.

"He said, 'I don't even have any money to fix my teeth,'â[#x20ac][#x160]" Benson
recalls.

She shakes her head at the memory.

"I said, 'Sir, put your teeth back in your mouth.'â[#x20ac][#x160]" And then she
handed him three citations - one for driving a vehicle not licensed to pick up
in the District, one for not being licensed to pick up passengers in the
District and one for soliciting passengers - in all more than $1,000 in fines.

"I call it like I see it when I'm out here," she says.

Cab after cab passes with newfangled dome lights affixed firmly to their tops.
Apparently, word is out that the D.C. inspectors are serious, and it appears
that the only drivers daring to venture out are the ones who have the new
hardware.

So Benson, headed north on 14th Street, is startled when she spots a white Ford
parked across from a crepes shop sporting an old-style dome light.

"As long as they're not parked in front of a cab company, we've been instructed
to take it," she explains.

She makes a call.

"Hey, this is hack inspector 15," she says to the towing company dispatcher.
"Can you send a crane to 14th and S?"

lori.aratani@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      November 10, 2013 Sunday 8:13 PM EST

There's a very big Ford being built in Virginia

BYLINE: Christina Barron

SECTION: ; Pg. Y03

LENGTH: 886 words


If you are into Legos, you have probably dreamed of building something huge:
maybe a building or a vehicle of your own design that would take up half of your
bedroom.

But try to imagine starting from scratch to build a ship that would be more than
1,000 feet long and 250 feet wide. Instead of carrying tiny plastic figures, it
would carry people - more than 4,600 of them - and 75 airplanes. And instead of
lasting a few days or weeks, your ship would need to last 50 years.

That's what the United States Navy asked shipbuilders to come up with several
years ago. The Navy wanted a new kind of aircraft carrier for the 21st century.
The first of these new carriers, the USS Gerald R. Ford, was scheduled to be
christened (that means officially named) in Newport News, Virginia, on Saturday.

Getting this ship from the drawing board to a finished exterior has taken an
amazing amount of creativity, manpower and materials.

Time for a new ship

Aircraft carriers have been part of the Navy since the 1920s. The first carrier,
the USS Langley, was not quite 550 feet long and could transport 36 planes. By
1960, when the USS Enterprise was launched, carriers were more than 1,000 feet
long and carried about 60 aircraft. Many of the 10 carriers still used by the
Navy are getting old and have become expensive to operate. So about five years
ago, the Navy ordered a redesigned aircraft carrier.

"A ship that's cheaper to own and operate," said Rolf Bartschi in describing
what the Navy wanted. "It was designed to need less sailors and to [use] the
latest technology."

Bartschi, who oversees the Ford's construction for Newport News Shipbuilding,
said the carrier - named for the 38th U.S. president - also needed to be able to
launch and refuel airplanes more quickly.

A giant redesign

So how could the ship save money and do its job better?

Engineers found that they could reduce costs by having machines or computers do
some things that humans had done, such as opening and closing the ship's many
valves. Using technology is expected to save between $4 billion and $5 billion
over 50 years, Bartschi said.

They also rethought how planes were moved to different parts of the ship to get
fuel, repairs and weapons.

"The Navy looked at NASCAR and how do they do pit stops," he said.

So the flight deck was enlarged and rearranged. The Ford is expected to be able
to launch 25 percent more combat missions each day than older carriers.

The redesign also involved making the ship more comfortable for its 4,660
sailors, about 500 fewer than the crews of older carriers.

"When a ship goes out to sea, the crew is on the ship for a very long time,"
Bartschi said.

A carrier needs to have bunks, a dining area, a gym, a chapel and spots to watch
movies or TV. The old carriers have these areas, but some are poorly designed,
Bartschi said.

For example, sailors on some ships must line up for food in a busy main corridor
that is also needed to get people from one end of the carrier to the other.

"With this ship, they designed the serving line so that you're not in that
high-traffic area," he said. "You're not in anybody's way."

Also, toilets and showers - located outside the bunk rooms in other carriers -
will be located inside those rooms on the Ford - a major improvement for
middle-of-the-night bathroom visits.

Many hands

The building of the Ford, which began in November 2009, has involved about 5,000
workers, including 3,500 craftsmen, electricians, welders, machinists and pipe
fitters. The parts they work with range from enormous to tiny.

"It's handling a 2,000-pound foundation to hooking a fiber-optic cable,"
Bartschi said.

Matt Platteel, 24, started almost three years ago as a pipe fitter. He's now
with the watertight crew.

"We pretty much install the doors and make sure they are working properly,"
Platteel said.

The Virginia Beach native is in the shipbuilder's apprentice school, a four- or
five-year program that provides classroom studies and on-the-job training for
shipyard specialities.

Working on a ship is great, Platteel said, "if you love working with your
hands."

After his apprenticeship, Platteel may find himself learning another
shipbuilding specialty.

"I would love to go into the nuclear side of things or the engineering side of
things," he said. Those specialties are important for the Ford because the ship
will run on nuclear power and because engineers came up with the design with the
help of 3-D models.

'Big Blue'

Building the Ford would have been impossible without tools, but especially a
crane nicknamed "Big Blue." The 233-foot-tall crane weighs 10 million pounds and
can lift 2.3 million pounds. It allows workers to assemble parts of the carrier
in several spots before moving them into their permanent positions.

"Big Blue" moved the final piece on the hull, or main body of the ship, into
place in May, but there's still lots of work on the inside and testing to be
done before it's handed over to the Navy in early 2016.

Both Bartschi and Platteel said the most amazing part of working on the Ford has
been seeing the pieces come together.

"I saw the design years ago," Bartschi said. "But you're never really sure how
it's going to look when you build it."

- Christina Barron

kidspost@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      November 10, 2013 Sunday 8:13 PM EST

Campaign strategist for Democrats

BYLINE: Emily Langer

SECTION: Metro; Pg. C08

LENGTH: 718 words


Michael Ford, a prominent political consultant who helped craft campaign
strategies for dozens of Democratic candidates over several decades, including
presidential hopefuls Edward M. Kennedy in 1980, Walter F. Mondale in 1984 and
Howard Dean in 2004, died Nov. 5 - Election Day - at Johns Hopkins Hospital in
Baltimore. He was 65.

The cause was complications from melanoma, said his sister Mary Jo Ford.

Mr. Ford - a veteran of nine White House campaigns and a senior adviser to
several of them - was once described by Newsweek magazine as having "an odd
blend of boiler-room savvy and cloisterish philosophy." He was particularly
admired as a field organizer and for his ability to inspire the young people who
provide much of the shoe-leather labor involved in campaigning.

Democratic strategist Joe Trippi recalled that he first encountered Mr. Ford in
Iowa in 1979 at an organizing event for Kennedy, the Massachusetts senator then
seeking the Democratic nomination for president. (The nomination ultimately went
to President Jimmy Carter.)

Trippi, now a top political consultant, was at the time a "$15-a-day organizer."
He said in an interview that Mr. Ford had "molded and mentored a whole
generation of organizers and strategists of the party."

During Mondale's ultimately unsuccessful 1984 race, Mr. Ford was the campaign's
field director and reportedly advocated what he described as "dramatic and
perhaps high-risk strategies" to overcome the incumbent, Republican President
Ronald Reagan.

Among other ideas, Newsweek reported, Mr. Ford suggested choosing an unexpected
running mate. Mondale, a former vice president and Minnesota senator, ultimately
selected Rep. Geraldine Ferraro of New York. She became the first woman to
appear on a presidential ticket as a major-party nominee.

Mr. Ford also served presidential candidates including Sen. Birch Bayh of
Indiana in 1976 and California Gov. Jerry Brown in 1992. In all, Mr. Ford
managed more than 100 local, state and national campaigns, according to
information provided by Trippi.

Michael Francis Ford was born June 27, 1948, in the District, the son of a CIA
employee and a homemaker. He was drawn to the Democratic Party in part, his
sister said, by the charisma of John F. Kennedy. Like the president, Mr. Ford
came from an Irish Catholic family.

He graduated from St. John's College High School in Washington in 1966 and
received a bachelor's degree in political science from Xavier University in
Cincinnati in 1970. His early political activity included campaign work for
Democratic presidential candidates Hubert H. Humphrey, who lost to Republican
Richard M. Nixon in 1968, and George S. McGovern, who lost to Nixon in 1972.

In 1978, Mr. Ford received a master's degree in government from Georgetown
University.

During the early years of his career, Mr. Ford worked in Ohio for the American
Federation of Labor's state, county and municipal employees union and as
executive assistant to Gov. John J. Gilligan (D).

Mr. Ford also was Jerry Springer's chief of staff when the TV talk-show host was
mayor of Cincinnati. He was Springer's campaign manager when Springer
unsuccessfully sought the Ohio governor's seat in 1982.

Mr. Ford's marriage to Barbara Bison ended in divorce. Survivors include his
wife of 27 years, Sally Schwartz Ford of Glyndon, Md.; a son, Matthew Ford of
New York; two sisters, Mary Jo Ford of Herndon, Va., and Maureen Jester of
Damascus, Md.; and two brothers, Patrick Ford of Columbia, Md., and Christopher
Ford of Detroit.

In addition to his campaign work, Mr. Ford was chief executive of Bay
Communications, a media consulting firm he founded in 1988 that had political,
corporate and other clients.

He made news in the 1990s when he and a colleague moved to create a sort of
mutual fund through which small investors could buy pieces of stock in Warren
Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway holding company, whose shares were too expensive
for most investors to afford.

Buffett began offering Berkshire B, also called "Baby Berkshire" shares, for a
fraction of the price of standard ones. Newsweek wrote at the time that "the
gestation of Baby Berkshire began not on Wall Street," but with Mr. Ford.

At Xavier University, Mr. Ford was founding director of the Center for the Study
of the American Dream.

emily.langer@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 10, 2013 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

There's a very big Ford being built in Virginia

BYLINE: - Christina Barron

SECTION: KIDSPOST; Pg. Y03

LENGTH: 872 words


If you are into Legos, you have probably dreamed of building something huge:
maybe a building or a vehicle of your own design that would take up half of your
bedroom.

But try to imagine starting from scratch to build a ship that would be more than
1,000 feet long and 250 feet wide. Instead of carrying tiny plastic figures, it
would carry people - more than 4,600 of them - and 75 airplanes. And instead of
lasting a few days or weeks, your ship would need to last 50 years.

That's what the United States Navy asked shipbuilders to come up with several
years ago. The Navy wanted a new kind of aircraft carrier for the 21st century.
The first of these new carriers, the USS Gerald R. Ford, was scheduled to be
christened (that means officially named) in Newport News, Virginia, on Saturday.

Getting this ship from the drawing board to a finished exterior has taken an
amazing amount of creativity, manpower and materials.

Time for a new ship

Aircraft carriers have been part of the Navy since the 1920s. The first carrier,
the USS Langley, was not quite 550 feet long and could transport 36 planes. By
1960, when the USS Enterprise was launched, carriers were more than 1,000 feet
long and carried about 60 aircraft. Many of the 10 carriers still used by the
Navy are getting old and have become expensive to operate. So about five years
ago, the Navy ordered a redesigned aircraft carrier.

"A ship that's cheaper to own and operate," said Rolf Bartschi in describing
what the Navy wanted. "It was designed to need less sailors and to [use] the
latest technology."

Bartschi, who oversees the Ford's construction for Newport News Shipbuilding,
said the carrier - named for the 38th U.S. president - also needed to be able to
launch and refuel airplanes more quickly.

A giant redesign

So how could the ship save money and do its job better?

Engineers found that they could reduce costs by having machines or computers do
some things that humans had done, such as opening and closing the ship's many
valves. Using technology is expected to save between $4 billion and $5 billion
over 50 years, Bartschi said.

They also rethought how planes were moved to different parts of the ship to get
fuel, repairs and weapons.

"The Navy looked at NASCAR and how do they do pit stops," he said.

So the flight deck was enlarged and rearranged. The Ford is expected to be able
to launch 25 percent more combat missions each day than older carriers.

The redesign also involved making the ship more comfortable for its 4,660
sailors, about 500 fewer than the crews of older carriers.

"When a ship goes out to sea, the crew is on the ship for a very long time,"
Bartschi said.

A carrier needs to have bunks, a dining area, a gym, a chapel and spots to watch
movies or TV. The old carriers have these areas, but some are poorly designed,
Bartschi said.

For example, sailors on some ships must line up for food in a busy main corridor
that is also needed to get people from one end of the carrier to the other.

"With this ship, they designed the serving line so that you're not in that
high-traffic area," he said. "You're not in anybody's way."

Also, toilets and showers - located outside the bunk rooms in other carriers -
will be located inside those rooms on the Ford - a major improvement for
middle-of-the-night bathroom visits.

Many hands

The building of the Ford, which began in November 2009, has involved about 5,000
workers, including 3,500 craftsmen, electricians, welders, machinists and pipe
fitters. The parts they work with range from enormous to tiny.

"It's handling a 2,000-pound foundation to hooking a fiber-optic cable,"
Bartschi said.

Matt Platteel, 24, started almost three years ago as a pipe fitter. He's now
with the watertight crew.

"We pretty much install the doors and make sure they are working properly,"
Platteel said.

The Virginia Beach native is in the shipbuilder's apprentice school, a four- or
five-year program that provides classroom studies and on-the-job training for
shipyard specialities.

Working on a ship is great, Platteel said, "if you love working with your
hands."

After his apprenticeship, Platteel may find himself learning another
shipbuilding specialty.

"I would love to go into the nuclear side of things or the engineering side of
things," he said. Those specialties are important for the Ford because the ship
will run on nuclear power and because engineers came up with the design with the
help of 3-D models.

'Big Blue'

Building the Ford would have been impossible without tools, but especially a
crane nicknamed "Big Blue." The 233-foot-tall crane weighs 10 million pounds and
can lift 2.3 million pounds. It allows workers to assemble parts of the carrier
in several spots before moving them into their permanent positions.

"Big Blue" moved the final piece on the hull, or main body of the ship, into
place in May, but there's still lots of work on the inside and testing to be
done before it's handed over to the Navy in early 2016.

Both Bartschi and Platteel said the most amazing part of working on the Ford has
been seeing the pieces come together.

"I saw the design years ago," Bartschi said. "But you're never really sure how
it's going to look when you build it."

- Christina Barron

kidspost@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 10, 2013 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

Campaign strategist for Democrats

BYLINE: Emily Langer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C08

LENGTH: 717 words


Michael Ford, a prominent political consultant who helped craft campaign
strategies for dozens of Democratic candidates over several decades, including
presidential hopefuls Edward M. Kennedy in 1980, Walter F. Mondale in 1984 and
Howard Dean in 2004, died Nov. 5 - Election Day - at Johns Hopkins Hospital in
Baltimore. He was 65.

The cause was complications from melanoma, said his sister Mary Jo Ford.

Mr. Ford - a veteran of nine White House campaigns and a senior adviser to
several of them - was once described by Newsweek magazine as having "an odd
blend of boiler-room savvy and cloisterish philosophy." He was particularly
admired as a field organizer and for his ability to inspire the young people who
provide much of the shoe-leather labor involved in campaigning.

Democratic strategist Joe Trippi recalled that he first encountered Mr. Ford in
Iowa in 1979 at an organizing event for Kennedy, the Massachusetts senator then
seeking the Democratic nomination for president. (The nomination ultimately went
to President Jimmy Carter.)

Trippi, now a top political consultant, was at the time a "$15-a-day organizer."
He said in an interview that Mr. Ford had "molded and mentored a whole
generation of organizers and strategists of the party."

During Mondale's ultimately unsuccessful 1984 race, Mr. Ford was the campaign's
field director and reportedly advocated what he described as "dramatic and
perhaps high-risk strategies" to overcome the incumbent, Republican President
Ronald Reagan.

Among other ideas, Newsweek reported, Mr. Ford suggested choosing an unexpected
running mate. Mondale, a former vice president and Minnesota senator, ultimately
selected Rep. Geraldine Ferraro of New York. She became the first woman to
appear on a presidential ticket as a major-party nominee.

Mr. Ford also served presidential candidates including Sen. Birch Bayh of
Indiana in 1976 and California Gov. Jerry Brown in 1992. In all, Mr. Ford
managed more than 100 local, state and national campaigns, according to
information provided by Trippi.

Michael Francis Ford was born June 27, 1948, in the District, the son of a CIA
employee and a homemaker. He was drawn to the Democratic Party in part, his
sister said, by the charisma of John F. Kennedy. Like the president, Mr. Ford
came from an Irish Catholic family.

He graduated from St. John's College High School in Washington in 1966 and
received a bachelor's degree in political science from Xavier University in
Cincinnati in 1970. His early political activity included campaign work for
Democratic presidential candidates Hubert H. Humphrey, who lost to Republican
Richard M. Nixon in 1968, and George S. McGovern, who lost to Nixon in 1972.

In 1978, Mr. Ford received a master's degree in government from Georgetown
University.

During the early years of his career, Mr. Ford worked in Ohio for the American
Federation of Labor's state, county and municipal employees union and as
executive assistant to Gov. John J. Gilligan (D).

Mr. Ford also was Jerry Springer's chief of staff when the TV talk-show host was
mayor of Cincinnati. He was Springer's campaign manager when Springer
unsuccessfully sought the Ohio governor's seat in 1982.

Mr. Ford's marriage to Barbara Bison ended in divorce. Survivors include his
wife of 27 years, Sally Schwartz Ford of Glyndon, Md.; a son, Matthew Ford of
New York; two sisters, Mary Jo Ford of Herndon, Va., and Maureen Jester of
Damascus, Md.; and two brothers, Patrick Ford of Columbia, Md., and Christopher
Ford of Detroit.

In addition to his campaign work, Mr. Ford was chief executive of Bay
Communications, a media consulting firm he founded in 1988 that had political,
corporate and other clients.

He made news in the 1990s when he and a colleague moved to create a sort of
mutual fund through which small investors could buy pieces of stock in Warren
Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway holding company, whose shares were too expensive
for most investors to afford.

Buffett began offering Berkshire B, also called "Baby Berkshire" shares, for a
fraction of the price of standard ones. Newsweek wrote at the time that "the
gestation of Baby Berkshire began not on Wall Street," but with Mr. Ford.

At Xavier University, Mr. Ford was founding director of the Center for the Study
of the American Dream.

emily.langer@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     November 2, 2013 Saturday 8:13 PM EST

Automobile sales prove lower than expected in Oct.

BYLINE: Bernie Woodall;Ben Klayman Cho

SECTION: A section; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 410 words


The 16-day federal government shutdown in early October appeared to dampen
consumers' appetite for new cars, as seven of the top eight automakers reporting
monthly sales on Friday missed analysts' expectations.

Industry sales in October rose 10.6 percent to 1.2 million vehicles, according
to the industry research firm Autodata. Analysts had expected a 12 percent
increase.

Sales for the three Detroit-based automakers, driven partly by steady demand for
full-size pickup trucks, rose by double digits from a year earlier, but only
General Motors beat expectations.

October sales dipped to an annual rate of 15.23 million vehicles, according to
Autodata, the lowest rate since April.

The weaker-than-expected sales rate "was primarily driven by the government
shutdown impacting consumer sentiment through the first half of the month,"
Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Jonas said Friday in a briefing note to clients.

Analysts had forecast stronger performances in October from Ford Motor and
Chrysler, as well as from Toyota, Honda, Nissan, Hyundai and Volkswagen.

Sales of full-size pickups, buoyed by a steady housing market and lower gasoline
prices, continued to show strength in October, although their torrid year-long
pace slowed a bit.

Ford's F-series was up 13 percent for the month and up 20 percent for the year
to date, while Chrysler's Ram was up 18 percent for the month and 23 percent for
the year to date. The Chevrolet Silverado was up 10 percent for the month and 20
percent for the year.

Average transaction prices for all full-size trucks in October jumped more than
5 percentage points from a year ago, to $39,189, according to Kelley Blue Book.

"The truck segment will remain hotly contested through the rest of this year,"
said analyst Alec Gutierrez of Kelley Blue Book, with GM spending less than Ford
and Chrysler to promote its Silverado and Sierra.

Consumer demand for electrified vehicles remain mixed. October sales of GM's
Chevrolet Volt dropped 32 percent to 2,022, while Nissan Leaf climbed 27 percent
to 2,002.

With the U.S. economy still in low gear and the next round of congressional
budget and debt negotiations looming in early 2014, analysts remain mixed in
their longer-range outlook.

"If we could ever get some strong economic footing in this country to drive
lower unemployment [and higher consumer] confidence, I think we've got a dam
that's still waiting to burst," said Karl Brauer of Kelley Blue Book.

- Reutes

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 2, 2013 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Automobile sales prove lower than expected in Oct.

BYLINE: Bernie Woodall;Ben Klayman Cho

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 406 words


The 16-day federal government shutdown in early October appeared to dampen
consumers' appetite for new cars, as seven of the top eight automakers reporting
monthly sales on Friday missed analysts' expectations.

Industry sales in October rose 10.6 percent to 1.2 million vehicles, according
to the industry research firm Autodata. Analysts had expected a 12 percent
increase.

Sales for the three Detroit-based automakers, driven partly by steady demand for
full-size pickup trucks, rose by double digits from a year earlier, but only
General Motors beat expectations.

October sales dipped to an annual rate of 15.23 million vehicles, according to
Autodata, the lowest rate since April.

The weaker-than-expected sales rate "was primarily driven by the government
shutdown impacting consumer sentiment through the first half of the month,"
Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Jonas said Friday in a briefing note to clients.

Analysts had forecast stronger performances in October from Ford Motor and
Chrysler, as well as from Toyota, Honda, Nissan, Hyundai and Volkswagen.

Sales of full-size pickups, buoyed by a steady housing market and lower gasoline
prices, continued to show strength in October, although their torrid year-long
pace slowed a bit.

Ford's F-series was up 13 percent for the month and up 20 percent for the year
to date, while Chrysler's Ram was up 18 percent for the month and 23 percent for
the year to date. The Chevrolet Silverado was up 10 percent for the month and 20
percent for the year.

Average transaction prices for all full-size trucks in October jumped more than
5 percentage points from a year ago, to $39,189, according to Kelley Blue Book.

"The truck segment will remain hotly contested through the rest of this year,"
said analyst Alec Gutierrez of Kelley Blue Book, with GM spending less than Ford
and Chrysler to promote its Silverado and Sierra.

Consumer demand for electrified vehicles remain mixed. October sales of GM's
Chevrolet Volt dropped 32 percent to 2,022, while Nissan Leaf climbed 27 percent
to 2,002.

With the U.S. economy still in low gear and the next round of congressional
budget and debt negotiations looming in early 2014, analysts remain mixed in
their longer-range outlook.

"If we could ever get some strong economic footing in this country to drive
lower unemployment [and higher consumer] confidence, I think we've got a dam
that's still waiting to burst," said Karl Brauer of Kelley Blue Book.

- Reutes

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     October 30, 2013 Wednesday 8:13 PM EST

When picking a new car, you're likely to follow your parents' lead

BYLINE: Michael A. Fletcher

SECTION: A section; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 497 words


Automakers and dealers spend nearly $33 billion a year to help you decide what
kind of car to drive. But do all of those ads have any more influence than your
parent's Chevrolet? Or Ford? Or Chrysler, Mazda or Buick, for that matter?

A group of researchers including Michigan State University economist Soren T.
Anderson says maybe not. Consumers are much more likely to buy the same make of
car their parents recently chose, according to their new study.

At first blush, the idea that your parents' car choices would substantially
influence yours may seem unlikely. After all, automobiles are big purchases that
many people research assiduously. And, give or take some wood trim or heated
seats, cars are more similar than not. They vary more by class and size than
they do by brand.

Buyers can find similar options across multiple manufacturers. The Ford Escape,
Honda CRV or Toyota RAV4, and many others if they want a small SUV. The Ford
Focus, Honda Civic or Toyota Corolla if they want a small sedan.

This is where parents' choices seem to have real influence. If your parents
bought the Escape, you are more likely to buy the Focus. If they chose the CRV,
you are more likely to buy the Civic. On average, children are 39 percent more
likely to choose a brand if their parents chose the same brand, the study found.

It turns out that car preferences are, in some measure, a learned behavior. If
your mom or dad rave about the reliability or the trunk space of the family
Impala, you likely soak up a bit of that bias. And if you rode in a car day in
and day out, you were likely to develop a taste for "minor design details" or
have "nostalgic childhood associations" with a car, the study says.

It is akin to findings in a past study that said a woman is more likely to work
outside the home when she is married to a man whose mother did the same. It
seems that the family model is more likely to be repeated when it is familiar.

The researchers relied on the Panel Study of Income Dynamics, a long-running
survey that follows multiple households of the same families through the
generations, to draw their conclusions.

For carmakers and dealers, the paper's findings suggest that established car
brands have a built-in advantage over upstarts - failures such as Pontiac and
Oldsmobile notwithstanding.

If automakers can break through and sell cars to people, the next generation of
auto purchasers will lean their way. Not only that, but individuals tend to be
brand loyal throughout their lives, something the car industry has long known.
That's why Toyota sells compact Corollas as well as more-upscale Avalons. Or why
newer brands in the American market, such as Hyundai, have moved from Accents
and Sonatas to also sell the luxury Genesis and Equus models.

"The stronger are brand preferences, the more valuable it is to keep consumers
within the brand as they move through their life cycle and demand different
types of cars," the paper said.

michael.fletcher@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 30, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

When picking a new car, you're likely to follow your parents' lead

BYLINE: Michael A. Fletcher

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 497 words


Automakers and dealers spend nearly $33 billion a year to help you decide what
kind of car to drive. But do all of those ads have any more influence than your
parent's Chevrolet? Or Ford? Or Chrysler, Mazda or Buick, for that matter?

A group of researchers including Michigan State University economist Soren T.
Anderson says maybe not. Consumers are much more likely to buy the same make of
car their parents recently chose, according to their new study.

At first blush, the idea that your parents' car choices would substantially
influence yours may seem unlikely. After all, automobiles are big purchases that
many people research assiduously. And, give or take some wood trim or heated
seats, cars are more similar than not. They vary more by class and size than
they do by brand.

Buyers can find similar options across multiple manufacturers. The Ford Escape,
Honda CRV or Toyota RAV4, and many others if they want a small SUV. The Ford
Focus, Honda Civic or Toyota Corolla if they want a small sedan.

This is where parents' choices seem to have real influence. If your parents
bought the Escape, you are more likely to buy the Focus. If they chose the CRV,
you are more likely to buy the Civic. On average, children are 39 percent more
likely to choose a brand if their parents chose the same brand, the study found.

It turns out that car preferences are, in some measure, a learned behavior. If
your mom or dad rave about the reliability or the trunk space of the family
Impala, you likely soak up a bit of that bias. And if you rode in a car day in
and day out, you were likely to develop a taste for "minor design details" or
have "nostalgic childhood associations" with a car, the study says.

It is akin to findings in a past study that said a woman is more likely to work
outside the home when she is married to a man whose mother did the same. It
seems that the family model is more likely to be repeated when it is familiar.

The researchers relied on the Panel Study of Income Dynamics, a long-running
survey that follows multiple households of the same families through the
generations, to draw their conclusions.

For carmakers and dealers, the paper's findings suggest that established car
brands have a built-in advantage over upstarts - failures such as Pontiac and
Oldsmobile notwithstanding.

If automakers can break through and sell cars to people, the next generation of
auto purchasers will lean their way. Not only that, but individuals tend to be
brand loyal throughout their lives, something the car industry has long known.
That's why Toyota sells compact Corollas as well as more-upscale Avalons. Or why
newer brands in the American market, such as Hyundai, have moved from Accents
and Sonatas to also sell the luxury Genesis and Equus models.

"The stronger are brand preferences, the more valuable it is to keep consumers
within the brand as they move through their life cycle and demand different
types of cars," the paper said.

michael.fletcher@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 27, 2013 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

How CEOs stack up, in the view of their workers

BYLINE: Lydia DePillis

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 603 words


Jamie Dimon is in a world of hurt. JPMorgan just got hit with a $13 billion
settlement, which even for America's biggest bank is an unwelcome development.
And yet, Dimon seems to be coming out all right - there's little indication that
he'll be forced out for presiding over a company that committed violation after
violation. What's more, his employees don't think he's doing too badly either,
giving him a 78 percent approval rating on the career Web site Glassdoor.com.

Turns out that's about an average score for most big companies. Browsing through
the rest of the Fortune 500 gives us an interesting picture of where CEOs stand:
With a few exceptions, the ratings tend to correlate with general consciousness
of popular consumer brands such as Twitter and Facebook. (Warren Buffett did
come out with a 100 percent rating, but with only six reviews, it's probably not
statistically significant.) They definitely don't correlate with how much a CEO
is paid - some of the most popular don't draw a salary at all.

Oh, and Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer is less well liked than most.

Here's a selected list of some of America's most prominent corporate chieftains
and what proportion of their employees using the career Web site approve of
their performance - ranked from high to low:
leftmiddle40%ceo          leftmiddle45%company             rightmiddle15%pct
                                                           .
leftmiddle40%Mark         leftmiddle45%Facebook            rightmiddle15%97
Zuckerberg
leftmiddle40%Dick Costolo leftmiddle45%Twitter             rightmiddle15%96
leftmiddle40%Dominic      leftmiddle45%McKinsey & Co.      rightmiddle15%95
Barton
leftmiddle40%Larry Page   leftmiddle45%Google              rightmiddle15%95
leftmiddle40%John S.      leftmiddle45%Chevron             rightmiddle15%94
Watson
leftmiddle40%Alan Mulally leftmiddle45%Ford Motor Co       rightmiddle15%94
leftmiddle40%Craig        leftmiddle45%Costco              rightmiddle15%93
Jelinek
leftmiddle40%Lloyd        leftmiddle45%Goldman Sachs       rightmiddle15%93
Blankfein
leftmiddle40%Tim Cook     leftmiddle45%Apple               rightmiddle15%92
leftmiddle40%Louis        leftmiddle45%Philip Morris       rightmiddle15%92
Camilleri                 International
leftmiddle40%Richard      leftmiddle45%U.S. Bank           rightmiddle15%90
Davis
leftmiddle40%Rex          leftmiddle45%Exxon Mobil         rightmiddle15%90
Tillerson
leftmiddle40%Bob Iger     leftmiddle45%Disney              rightmiddle15%90
leftmiddle40%Jeff Bezos*  leftmiddle45%Amazon.com          rightmiddle15%87
leftmiddle40%Howard       leftmiddle45%Starbucks           rightmiddle15%87
Schultz
leftmiddle40%Muhtar Kent  leftmiddle45%Coca-Cola           rightmiddle15%87
leftmiddle40%Ralph Lauren leftmiddle45%Ralph Lauren        rightmiddle15%83
leftmiddle40%Jeff Immelt  leftmiddle45%General Electric    rightmiddle15%82
leftmiddle40%Larry        leftmiddle45%Oracle              rightmiddle15%79
Ellison
leftmiddle40%James Gorman leftmiddle45%Morgan Stanley      rightmiddle15%76
leftmiddle40%Jamie Dimon  leftmiddle45%JPMorgan            rightmiddle15%78
leftmiddle40%Jim McNerney leftmiddle45%Boeing              rightmiddle15%78
leftmiddle40%Brian        leftmiddle45%Comcast             rightmiddle15%75
Roberts
leftmiddle40%John Stumpf  leftmiddle45%Wells Fargo         rightmiddle15%75
leftmiddle40%John         leftmiddle45%Cisco Systems       rightmiddle15%75
Chambers
leftmiddle40%Brian        leftmiddle45%Bank of America     rightmiddle15%73
Moynihan
leftmiddle40%Don Thompson leftmiddle45%McDonald's          rightmiddle15%71
leftmiddle40%Virginia     leftmiddle45%IBM                 rightmiddle15%71
Rometty
leftmiddle40%John         leftmiddle45%McKesson            rightmiddle15%70
Hammergren
leftmiddle40%Michael      leftmiddle45%Citigroup           rightmiddle15%65
Corbat
leftmiddle40%John Donahoe leftmiddle45%eBay                rightmiddle15%58
leftmiddle40%Lowell       leftmiddle45%Verizon             rightmiddle15%58
McAdam
leftmiddle40%Randall      leftmiddle45%AT&T                rightmiddle15%50
Stephenson
leftmiddle40%Mike Duke    leftmiddle45%Wal-Mart            rightmiddle15%48
leftmiddle40%Steve        leftmiddle45%Microsoft           rightmiddle15%47
Ballmer

*Disclosure: Bezos owns The Washington Post

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      October 25, 2013 Friday 8:13 PM EST

Ford reports a strong third quarter, improving sales

SECTION: A section; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 866 words


AUTOMOTIVE          Ford enjoys a strong third-quarter report

Ford proved it in North America. Now it's proving it in the rest of the world:
New vehicles, combined with cost cuts, can turn the business around.

The second-largest U.S. automaker raised its full-year profit guidance Thursday
as it reported a strong third quarter that saw improving sales worldwide. Ford's
regions outside North America saw a combined profit for the first time in two
years, and every region reported market share increases.

Dearborn, Mich.-based Ford Motor earned $1.3 billion, down 14 percent from a
year ago. The decline was due to special items, including a $250 million charge
for restructuring in Europe and a $145 million charge for a pension buyout
program in the United States.

Without those one-time costs, Ford reported a pretax profit of $2.6 billion, a
third-quarter record for the company. Ford sold 1.5 million cars and trucks in
the quarter, up 16 percent. Revenue rose 12 percent, to $36 billion. Shares rose
1.4 percent, to $17.76.

Ford, which almost went bankrupt in the middle of the last decade, restored its
North American operations to profitability by closing plants, laying off
workers, selling non-core brands such as Jaguar, and using the savings to invest
in much-improved vehicles, such as the Fusion sedan and Explorer SUV.

Ford is now taking its playbook to other markets. In Europe, the company halved
its third-quarter loss to $228 million. The company closed two plants in England
in July and is introducing 25 new products by 2017 in an effort to stimulate
sales. Among the first are the Fiesta subcompact and B-Max minivan, which were
strong sellers in the third quarter.

In China, Ford's new Kuga and EcoSport SUVs helped increase sales by 51 percent
during the quarter, and its profits doubled to $126 million in Asia despite a
sales slowdown in India.

- Associated Press

ALSO IN BUSINESS

l              Samsung Electronics,Asia's biggest technology company, posted
record third-quarter earnings on increased sales of cheaper Galaxy smartphones
and a rally in memory-chip prices. Net income, excluding minority interest, rose
25 percent to $7.6 billion in the third quarter, the South Korean company said
in a regulatory filing Friday.

l              Bank of Americawill cut about 3,000 jobs by the end of the year
as the number of refinancing applications and troubled loans has fallen. The
country's second-largest bank laid off 1,200 employees this week, primarily from
a unit that handles mortgage origination, company spokesman Terry Francisco
said. The bank plans to make the bulk of the remaining reductions in its unit
that handles troubled mortgages, such as foreclosures or loan modifications.

l              Southwest Airlines and United Continental Holdingsmade more money
in the third quarter as higher airfares bolstered revenue, capping a strong week
of earnings for major U.S. airlines that bodes well for the current period.
Southwest had net income of $259 million, compared with $16 million a year
earlier. Its average fare rose 11 percent, to $159.39. United earned $379
million, up from $6 million a year earlier. A gauge of the average fare paid per
mile flown rose about 2 percent, to 15.96 cents.

l              The number of peopleseeking unemployment benefits dropped 12,000
to a seasonally adjusted 350,000 last week. Weekly applications have been
inflated for the past three weeks, largely because California has been
processing a huge number of applications that were delayed because of a computer
upgrade. The 16-day partial federal government shutdown has lifted claims this
month because a number of government contractors were laid off temporarily.

l              Average U.S. rates on fixed mortgagesdropped this week to their
lowest levels in four months, a positive sign for the housing recovery. Mortgage
buyer Freddie Mac said the average rate on the 30-year loan fell to 4.13 percent
from 4.28 percent. The average on the 15-year fixed loan declined to 3.24
percent from 3.33 percent.

l              Wal-Mart Storesplans to open up to 110 new stores in China in the
next three years while the world's largest retailer seeks to make the business
there more profitable. Last year, Wal-Mart announced the completion of its
increased investment in a fast-growing Chinese online company called Yihaodian.
Wal-Mart now has a stake of about 51 percent in Yihaodian.

l              Twitterhas set a price range of $17 to $20 per share for its
initial public offering, the company said in a Thursday filing with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. That sends the potential value of the
company, which will list on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol
"TWTR," to $11.1 billion. Twitter said it is looking to raise around $1.4
billion with its stock market debut.

- From news services

COMING TODAY

l              8:30 a.m.:September durable-goods orders released.

l              Earnings:United Parcel Service.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 25, 2013 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Ford reports a strong third quarter, improving sales

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 805 words

AUTOMOTIVE

Ford enjoys a strong third-quarter report

Ford proved it in North America. Now it's proving it in the rest of the world:
New vehicles, combined with cost cuts, can turn the business around.

The second-largest U.S. automaker raised its full-year profit guidance Thursday
as it reported a strong third quarter that saw improving sales worldwide. Ford's
regions outside North America saw a combined profit for the first time in two
years, and every region reported market share increases.

Dearborn, Mich.-based Ford Motor earned $1.3 billion, down 14 percent from a
year ago. The decline was due to special items, including a $250 million charge
for restructuring in Europe and a $145 million charge for a pension buyout
program in the United States.

Without those one-time costs, Ford reported a pretax profit of $2.6 billion, a
third-quarter record for the company. Ford sold 1.5 million cars and trucks in
the quarter, up 16 percent. Revenue rose 12 percent, to $36 billion. Shares rose
1.4 percent, to $17.76.

Ford, which almost went bankrupt in the middle of the last decade, restored its
North American operations to profitability by closing plants, laying off
workers, selling non-core brands such as Jaguar, and using the savings to invest
in much-improved vehicles, such as the Fusion sedan and Explorer SUV.

Ford is now taking its playbook to other markets. In Europe, the company halved
its third-quarter loss to $228 million. The company closed two plants in England
in July and is introducing 25 new products by 2017 in an effort to stimulate
sales. Among the first are the Fiesta subcompact and B-Max minivan, which were
strong sellers in the third quarter.

In China, Ford's new Kuga and EcoSport SUVs helped increase sales by 51 percent
during the quarter, and its profits doubled to $126 million in Asia despite a
sales slowdown in India.

- Associated Press

ALSO IN BUSINESS

lSamsung Electronics, Asia's biggest technology company, posted record
third-quarter earnings on increased sales of cheaper Galaxy smartphones and a
rally in memory-chip prices. Net income, excluding minority interest, rose 25
percent to $7.6 billion in the third quarter, the South Korean company said in a
regulatory filing Friday.

lBank of America will cut about 3,000 jobs by the end of the year as the number
of refinancing applications and troubled loans has fallen. The country's
second-largest bank laid off 1,200 employees this week, primarily from a unit
that handles mortgage origination, company spokesman Terry Francisco said. The
bank plans to make the bulk of the remaining reductions in its unit that handles
troubled mortgages, such as foreclosures or loan modifications.

lSouthwest Airlines and United Continental Holdings made more money in the third
quarter as higher airfares bolstered revenue, capping a strong week of earnings
for major U.S. airlines that bodes well for the current period. Southwest had
net income of $259 million, compared with $16 million a year earlier. Its
average fare rose 11 percent, to $159.39. United earned $379 million, up from $6
million a year earlier. A gauge of the average fare paid per mile flown rose
about 2 percent, to 15.96 cents.

lThe number of people seeking unemployment benefits dropped 12,000 to a
seasonally adjusted 350,000 last week. Weekly applications have been inflated
for the past three weeks, largely because California has been processing a huge
number of applications that were delayed because of a computer upgrade. The
16-day partial federal government shutdown has lifted claims this month because
a number of government contractors were laid off temporarily.

lAverage U.S. rates on fixed mortgages dropped this week to their lowest levels
in four months, a positive sign for the housing recovery. Mortgage buyer Freddie
Mac said the average rate on the 30-year loan fell to 4.13 percent from 4.28
percent. The average on the 15-year fixed loan declined to 3.24 percent from
3.33 percent.

lWal-Mart Stores plans to open up to 110 new stores in China in the next three
years while the world's largest retailer seeks to make the business there more
profitable. Last year, Wal-Mart announced the completion of its increased
investment in a fast-growing Chinese online company called Yihaodian. Wal-Mart
now has a stake of about 51 percent in Yihaodian.

lTwitter has set a price range of $17 to $20 per share for its initial public
offering, the company said in a Thursday filing with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. That sends the potential value of the company, which will list on
the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "TWTR," to $11.1 billion.
Twitter said it is looking to raise around $1.4 billion with its stock market
debut.

- From news services

COMING TODAY

l8:30 a.m.: September durable-goods orders released.

lEarnings: United Parcel Service.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      October 20, 2013 Sunday 8:13 PM EST

SECTION: ; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 279 words


Monday

l Medicaid Health Plans of America opens two-day conference; Gaylord National
Resort & Convention Center

l Association of the United States Army opens three-day conference; Walter E.
Washington Convention Center

l Energy and Environmental Research Center opens three-day conference; Crystal
Gateway Marriott Hotel

l Existing-home sales report

l Boise Cascade, Discover Financial, Gannett, Halliburton, Hasbro, McDonald's,
Netflix, Texas Instruments report earnings

Tuesday

l Washington International Horse Show opens; Verizon Center

l Amgen, Delta Air Lines, DuPont, Harley-Davidson, Kimberly-Clark, Lockheed
Martin, McGraw-Hill, Whirlpool report earnings

Wednesday

l Angie's List, AT&T, Boeing, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Clearwater, CoreLogic, Dr
Pepper Snapple, E-Trade, Eli Lilly, Ethan Allen, General Dynamics, RadioShack,
Tootsie Roll, Tupperware, US Airways, Washington REIT, Wyndham Worldwide report
earnings

Thursday

l New-home sales report

l 3M, Amazon.com, Choice Hotels, Crocs, Dow Chemical, Dunkin' Brands, Eastman
Chemical, Ford Motor, Hershey, International Paper, KKR & Co., McClatchy,
Microsoft, Netgear, Raytheon, Regal Entertainment, Revlon, Sirius XM, Southwest
Airlines, Starwood Hotels, T. Rowe Price, UnderArmour, Wynn Resorts, Xerox,
Zynga report earnings

Friday

l Durable goods report

l Consumer sentiment report

l Moody's, Procter & Gamble report earnings

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 20, 2013 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 227 words

Monday

l Medicaid Health Plans of America opens two-day conference; Gaylord National
Resort & Convention Center

l Association of the United States Army opens three-day conference; Walter E.
Washington Convention Center

l Energy and Environmental Research Center opens three-day conference; Crystal
Gateway Marriott Hotel

l Existing-home sales report

l Boise Cascade, Discover Financial, Gannett, Halliburton, Hasbro, McDonald's,
Netflix, Texas Instruments report earnings

Tuesday

l Washington International Horse Show opens; Verizon Center

l Amgen, Delta Air Lines, DuPont, Harley-Davidson, Kimberly-Clark, Lockheed
Martin, McGraw-Hill, Whirlpool report earnings

Wednesday

l Angie's List, AT&T, Boeing, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Clearwater, CoreLogic, Dr
Pepper Snapple, E-Trade, Eli Lilly, Ethan Allen, General Dynamics, RadioShack,
Tootsie Roll, Tupperware, US Airways, Washington REIT, Wyndham Worldwide report
earnings

Thursday

l New-home sales report

l 3M, Amazon.com, Choice Hotels, Crocs, Dow Chemical, Dunkin' Brands, Eastman
Chemical, Ford Motor, Hershey, International Paper, KKR & Co., McClatchy,
Microsoft, Netgear, Raytheon, Regal Entertainment, Revlon, Sirius XM, Southwest
Airlines, Starwood Hotels, T. Rowe Price, UnderArmour, Wynn Resorts, Xerox,
Zynga report earnings

Friday

l Durable goods report

l Consumer sentiment report

l Moody's, Procter & Gamble report earnings

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 13, 2013 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Ron Burgundy's legend grows, in Chrysler ads

BYLINE: Tom Krisher

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. T07

LENGTH: 538 words


AUBURN HILLS, Mich.

When you have the smallest marketing budget of the Detroit Three automakers, you
have to take risks to get your TV spots noticed.

That's why Olivier Francois, Chrysler's marketing chief, gambles a lot. He's
following successful ads featuring rapper Eminem and movie star Clint Eastwood
with a pitch from a fictitious character - egotistical airhead television
anchorman Ron Burgundy from the 2004 movie "Anchorman: The Legend of Ron
Burgundy."

And this time, Francois got the talent to pitch a refurbished version of the
Dodge Durango SUV for free. Paramount Pictures, he said, bartered work on the
commercials by Will Ferrell, who plays Burgundy, in exchange for the promotion
in the ads of "Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues" that opens in theaters near
Christmas.

"We can't compete on the money," said Francois, a Frenchman behind the gritty
2011 Super Bowl image ad for Chrysler with Eminem in his hometown of Detroit.
The follow-up spot featured Eastwood talking about America making a comeback.

Chrysler is by far the smallest of the Detroit car companies and has the lowest
advertising budget. Last year, it spent $1.9 billion in the United States, about
40 percent less than rival General Motors's $3.1 billion, and almost 20 percent
below Ford Motor Co.'s $2.3 billion.

GM was the second-largest advertiser in the nation, while Ford ranked sixth and
Chrysler No. 11, according to Advertising Age. The trade publication uses
figures from Kantar Media to estimate spending and rank the top 100 advertisers.

So in order for Chrysler to compete, it has be creative to multiply the impact
of its ads, Francois said at an event to formally unveil the ads Monday at
Chrysler's headquarters.

Ferrell, Francois said, was given a free hand to write and produce the ads. He
was supposed to make three to six television commercials, but ended up with 70,
all featuring Ferrell in a 1970s burgundy suit.

Most of the ads talk about the SUV's gas mileage, power and infotainment
technology. Some are funny, such as when Ferrell, playing an incredulous Bur-
gundy, talks back to the navigation system or when he  thinks "mpg" is a word
instead of an abbreviation for miles per gallon.

Some of the ads even have sexual innuendo, but those aren't scheduled to make
television or any of Chrysler's Internet sites.

Francois had never heard of Burgundy, a TV anchorman in San Diego during the
1970s, or the first "Anchorman" movie. But he was amazed that everyone in a
brainstorming session could recite lines from the comedy.

"He's probably the closest fictional character to a real character," Francois
said.

The campaign, scheduled to appear on TV until the sequel makes its debut Dec.
20, is risky. It could alienate those didn't see the first movie or those who
didn't like it.

That's a chance that Chrysler is willing to take, to deviate from the standard
auto industry ad featuring a car or truck rolling down a highway and a voice
telling people about the product.

"If I run an ad with running footage and a couple of stats, it would just get
lost," said Tim Kuniskis, chief executive of the Dodge brand.

"Now I can run an ad with Will Ferrell and immediately every-one is going to pay
attention, look, notice."

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Montgomery County

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       October 4, 2013 Friday 8:13 PM EST

As White House pushes trade deal abroad, opposition grows at home

BYLINE: Howard Schneider

SECTION: A section; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 826 words


Nearing possible completion of what would be the most ambitious free-trade
agreement in a generation, the Obama administration is facing a difficult sales
job at home as key industries and unions grow cautious, domestic manufacturers
move to protect their markets, and trade skeptics amp up their opposition.

It has taken the White House three years and 19 rounds of negotiations to move
the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership to this point.

The talks are continuing this week at an unrelated meeting in Indonesia.
President Obama, who was scheduled to attend, decided to cancel his trip
Thursday night because of the federal government shutdown. Officials hope the
leaders of the 12 countries will reach an agreement  by the end of the year.

But the more difficult fight may be taking shape in Washington and in corporate
and union offices around the United States, where the scars of the economic
crisis and high unemployment will test the country's attitude toward free trade.

Obama has made the agreement a centerpiece of his strategy toward Asia, "but it
seems to us that the economic aims have been subsumed" to ensure that some
agreement is reached among the disparate group of countries, said Steve Biegun,
vice president for international governmental affairs at Ford Motor.

Ford joined with the United Auto Workers, steel companies, the technology
industry and others to gather congressional support for a recent letter telling
the White House it should use the negotiations to make countries such as Japan
promise not to use the value of their currency to boost exports.

The issue is a long-standing one in U.S. politics but would be difficult to
embody in a trade agreement. The import of the letter, however, was in the
number of signatures - 60 senators and 230 members of the House - and the work
between Ford and the union in gathering them. When the company and the UAW
endorsed the Korea free-trade agreement two years ago, they provided an
important push for that pact - and their suspicions about TPP could be similarly
significant.

Any trade agreement has its detractors, but the ambition and diversity of
interests in this case will make the politics that much more complex.

The Obama administration began the talks promising a "gold standard" agreement
that would set high-level rules for the industries that the United States sees
as important for its future.

U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman said that's still the goal but
acknowledged in a phone interview from Bali that the emerging agreement won't
please everyone.

"Our goal is to reach an agreement that reflects . . . our interests, our
concerns in a balanced way. Sometimes that balance has to be struck among
domestic stakeholders," Froman said. "The question at the end of the day is does
the agreement further American jobs, growth, strengthen the middle class? That
is our guidepost. And we believe the answer is yes. We believe we are on track
in that regard."

Merely expanding trade would be a step back from the ambitions the
administration carried into the talks. Increasingly, negotiators have had to
balance competing values within the administration, among the disparate nations
around the table, and among domestic interests. Better intellectual-property
protection, for example, could mean higher drug prices and less access in poorer
nations, a dilemma that still has not been resolved; concerned about the
political fight ahead on Capitol Hill, the administration recently backed off a
proposal it had made to exempt any nation's tobacco laws from provisions opening
trade in agricultural products.

Maine's New Balance shoe company shows the type of difficulties ahead. The
company is among the few shoe companies that manufacture in the United States,
and its officials worry that demands by Vietnam to eliminate existing tariffs
could drive them out of business.

They have sought relief in an indirect way, pushing legislation that would favor
U.S. shoe companies in purchases at U.S. military bases.

But that could potentially run afoul of other aspects of the TPP that aim to
minimize local purchasing or content requirements - something U.S. industry in
general is eager to see stripped away around the world.

"It is hard for us not to look at this as our industry versus theirs," Matt
LeBretton, head of public affairs for the company, said of Vietnam. "We look at
it as a zero-sum game in our sector."

Rep. Jim McDermott (D-Wash.), said in a conference call with reporters Thursday
that he felt the agreement was potentially politically important for Obama and
important to the U.S. presence in Asia.

But he remains uncommitted and concerned about whether the administration can
resolve all the potential conflicts.

"If we get all of Asia including the Japanese in an agreement like this, it
would be a huge achievement for the president," he said, "but I am not just
willing to go with anything to have a political victory."

howard.schneider@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             October 4, 2013 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

As White House pushes trade deal abroad, opposition grows at home

BYLINE: Howard Schneider

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 825 words


Nearing possible completion of what would be the most ambitious free-trade
agreement in a generation, the Obama administration is facing a difficult sales
job at home as key industries and unions grow cautious, domestic manufacturers
move to protect their markets, and trade skeptics amp up their opposition.

It has taken the White House three years and 19 rounds of negotiations to move
the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership to this point.

The talks are continuing this week at an unrelated meeting in Indonesia.
President Obama, who was scheduled to attend, decided to cancel his trip
Thursday night because of the federal government shutdown. Officials hope the
leaders of the 12 countries will reach an agreement  by the end of the year.

But the more difficult fight may be taking shape in Washington and in corporate
and union offices around the United States, where the scars of the economic
crisis and high unemployment will test the country's attitude toward free trade.

Obama has made the agreement a centerpiece of his strategy toward Asia, "but it
seems to us that the economic aims have been subsumed" to ensure that some
agreement is reached among the disparate group of countries, said Steve Biegun,
vice president for international governmental affairs at Ford Motor.

Ford joined with the United Auto Workers, steel companies, the technology
industry and others to gather congressional support for a recent letter telling
the White House it should use the negotiations to make countries such as Japan
promise not to use the value of their currency to boost exports.

The issue is a long-standing one in U.S. politics but would be difficult to
embody in a trade agreement. The import of the letter, however, was in the
number of signatures - 60 senators and 230 members of the House - and the work
between Ford and the union in gathering them. When the company and the UAW
endorsed the Korea free-trade agreement two years ago, they provided an
important push for that pact - and their suspicions about TPP could be similarly
significant.

Any trade agreement has its detractors, but the ambition and diversity of
interests in this case will make the politics that much more complex.

The Obama administration began the talks promising a "gold standard" agreement
that would set high-level rules for the industries that the United States sees
as important for its future.

U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman said that's still the goal but
acknowledged in a phone interview from Bali that the emerging agreement won't
please everyone.

"Our goal is to reach an agreement that reflects . . . our interests, our
concerns in a balanced way. Sometimes that balance has to be struck among
domestic stakeholders," Froman said. "The question at the end of the day is does
the agreement further American jobs, growth, strengthen the middle class? That
is our guidepost. And we believe the answer is yes. We believe we are on track
in that regard."

Merely expanding trade would be a step back from the ambitions the
administration carried into the talks. Increasingly, negotiators have had to
balance competing values within the administration, among the disparate nations
around the table, and among domestic interests. Better intellectual-property
protection, for example, could mean higher drug prices and less access in poorer
nations, a dilemma that still has not been resolved; concerned about the
political fight ahead on Capitol Hill, the administration recently backed off a
proposal it had made to exempt any nation's tobacco laws from provisions opening
trade in agricultural products.

Maine's New Balance shoe company shows the type of difficulties ahead. The
company is among the few shoe companies that manufacture in the United States,
and its officials worry that demands by Vietnam to eliminate existing tariffs
could drive them out of business.

They have sought relief in an indirect way, pushing legislation that would favor
U.S. shoe companies in purchases at U.S. military bases.

But that could potentially run afoul of other aspects of the TPP that aim to
minimize local purchasing or content requirements - something U.S. industry in
general is eager to see stripped away around the world.

"It is hard for us not to look at this as our industry versus theirs," Matt
LeBretton, head of public affairs for the company, said of Vietnam. "We look at
it as a zero-sum game in our sector."

Rep. Jim McDermott (D-Wash.), said in a conference call with reporters Thursday
that he felt the agreement was potentially politically important for Obama and
important to the U.S. presence in Asia.

But he remains uncommitted and concerned about whether the administration can
resolve all the potential conflicts.

"If we get all of Asia including the Japanese in an agreement like this, it
would be a huge achievement for the president," he said, "but I am not just
willing to go with anything to have a political victory."

howard.schneider@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     October 2, 2013 Wednesday 8:13 PM EST

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 703 words


Richard R. Gardner             NOAA executive

Richard R. Gardner, who retired from federal service in 1999 as chief of the
construction staff at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, died
Sept. 11 at his home in McLean. He was 80.

The cause was cancer, said his wife, Barbara Gardner.

Mr. Gardner worked more than 20 years for NOAA. On leaving federal service, he
was a consultant with Booz Allen Hamilton for six years on matters relating to
NOAA's office of marine sanctuaries.

Richard Rollins Gardner was born in Cambridge, Mass. He graduated in 1955 from
Massachusetts Institute of Technology and in 1963 received a master's degree in
urban planning at Wayne State University in Detroit.

He served two years in the Army, worked as an engineer at Ford Motor Co. and as
deputy director of planning in Nassau County, N.Y., before coming to the
Washington area in 1968 to work for the Department of Commerce's Economic
Development Administration.

His awards included a Commerce Department Bronze Medal.

His first marriage, to Ella Paton Gardner, ended in divorce. Survivors include
his wife since 1986, Barbara Knopf Gardner of McLean; two children from his
first marriage, Andrea E. Cro of Falls Church and Paul D. Gardner of Shoreview,
Minn.; three stepchildren, Stephanie Desjardins of College Park, Maureen Kline
of Brooklyn and Wendy Paula of Cincinnati; a half-sister; and 11 grandchildren.

- Bart Barnes

Ruth P. Graves             literacy organization executive

Ruth P. Graves, the president emerita of the nonprofit children's literacy
organization Reading is Fundamental, died Sept. 10 at her home in Annandale. She
was 78.

The cause was cancer, said her son, Chris Graves.

Mrs. Graves joined the staff of Reading is Fundamental (RIF) in 1975, serving as
executive director and then national president of the organization, which was
founded by Margaret McNamara, the wife of former defense secretary Robert S.
McNamara. Under Mrs. Graves's leadership, RIF grew to serve 2.7 million children
with a volunteer staff of 200,000. In 1997, Mrs. Graves retired with the title
of president emerita.

Ersilee Ruth Parker was born in Port Arthur, Tex. She graduated from Baylor
University in 1956 and later received a master's degree in history at the
University of Texas at Austin.

In 1961 she came to the Washington area to serve on the President's Committee on
Equal Employment Opportunity. Later she held a variety of teaching jobs and
government jobs, including directing the antipoverty program for migrant and
seasonal workers at the U.S. Office of Economic Opportunity.

Survivors include her husband of 55 years, Glenn Graves of Annandale; a son,
Chris Graves of Montgomery Village; and two grandchildren.

- Bart Barnes

Isabelle H. Yount             D.C. schoolteacher

Isabelle H. Yount, a longtime elementary school teacher who taught in the D.C.
public schools for 36 years, died Sept. 1 at the Washington Home and Community
Hospices. She was 96.

The cause was congestive heart failure, said her half sister, Doris Wright.

Miss Yount taught special education at the old Military Road School from 1966
until her retirement in 1977. Earlier, she was primarily a first-grade teacher
at a number of Washington schools, including Brookland, Emery, Bruce-Monroe and
the now-defunct Gage-Eckington elementary schools.

Isabelle Henkel Yount was born in Newton, N.C. She was a 1939 graduate of the
old Wilson Teachers College in the District and received a master's degree in
education from George Washington University in 1953. She pursued advanced
studies in special education at Philadelphia's Temple University.

Miss Yount lived in Potomac for many years before moving to Columbia.

She did volunteer work at Forest Haven, a former children's rehabilitation
center in Laurel; for the National Children's Center, an organization that
assists children with developmental disabilities; and for other educational and
social service groups.

Survivors include a half sister, Doris Wright of the District, and a half
brother, Charles Leslie Jr. of Falls Church.

- Megan McDonough

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 2, 2013 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 671 words

Richard R. Gardner

NOAA executive

Richard R. Gardner, who retired from federal service in 1999 as chief of the
construction staff at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, died
Sept. 11 at his home in McLean. He was 80.

The cause was cancer, said his wife, Barbara Gardner.

Mr. Gardner worked more than 20 years for NOAA. On leaving federal service, he
was a consultant with Booz Allen Hamilton for six years on matters relating to
NOAA's office of marine sanctuaries.

Richard Rollins Gardner was born in Cambridge, Mass. He graduated in 1955 from
Massachusetts Institute of Technology and in 1963 received a master's degree in
urban planning at Wayne State University in Detroit.

He served two years in the Army, worked as an engineer at Ford Motor Co. and as
deputy director of planning in Nassau County, N.Y., before coming to the
Washington area in 1968 to work for the Department of Commerce's Economic
Development Administration.

His awards included a Commerce Department Bronze Medal.

His first marriage, to Ella Paton Gardner, ended in divorce. Survivors include
his wife since 1986, Barbara Knopf Gardner of McLean; two children from his
first marriage, Andrea E. Cro of Falls Church and Paul D. Gardner of Shoreview,
Minn.; three stepchildren, Stephanie Desjardins of College Park, Maureen Kline
of Brooklyn and Wendy Paula of Cincinnati; a half-sister; and 11 grandchildren.

- Bart Barnes

Ruth P. Graves

literacy organization executive

Ruth P. Graves, the president emerita of the nonprofit children's literacy
organization Reading is Fundamental, died Sept. 10 at her home in Annandale. She
was 78.

The cause was cancer, said her son, Chris Graves.

Mrs. Graves joined the staff of Reading is Fundamental (RIF) in 1975, serving as
executive director and then national president of the organization, which was
founded by Margaret McNamara, the wife of former defense secretary Robert S.
McNamara. Under Mrs. Graves's leadership, RIF grew to serve 2.7 million children
with a volunteer staff of 200,000. In 1997, Mrs. Graves retired with the title
of president emerita.

Ersilee Ruth Parker was born in Port Arthur, Tex. She graduated from Baylor
University in 1956 and later received a master's degree in history at the
University of Texas at Austin.

In 1961 she came to the Washington area to serve on the President's Committee on
Equal Employment Opportunity. Later she held a variety of teaching jobs and
government jobs, including directing the antipoverty program for migrant and
seasonal workers at the U.S. Office of Economic Opportunity.

Survivors include her husband of 55 years, Glenn Graves of Annandale; a son,
Chris Graves of Montgomery Village; and two grandchildren.

- Bart Barnes

Isabelle H. Yount

D.C. schoolteacher

Isabelle H. Yount, a longtime elementary school teacher who taught in the D.C.
public schools for 36 years, died Sept. 1 at the Washington Home and Community
Hospices. She was 96.

The cause was congestive heart failure, said her half sister, Doris Wright.

Miss Yount taught special education at the old Military Road School from 1966
until her retirement in 1977. Earlier, she was primarily a first-grade teacher
at a number of Washington schools, including Brookland, Emery, Bruce-Monroe and
the now-defunct Gage-Eckington elementary schools.

Isabelle Henkel Yount was born in Newton, N.C. She was a 1939 graduate of the
old Wilson Teachers College in the District and received a master's degree in
education from George Washington University in 1953. She pursued advanced
studies in special education at Philadelphia's Temple University.

Miss Yount lived in Potomac for many years before moving to Columbia.

She did volunteer work at Forest Haven, a former children's rehabilitation
center in Laurel; for the National Children's Center, an organization that
assists children with developmental disabilities; and for other educational and
social service groups.

Survivors include a half sister, Doris Wright of the District, and a half
brother, Charles Leslie Jr. of Falls Church.

- Megan McDonough

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      October 1, 2013 Tuesday 8:13 PM EST

Chip says

SECTION: Style; Pg. C09

LENGTH: 22 words


CHIP SAYS On this date in 1908, the first production of the Model T Ford
automobile was unveiled at Ford's plant in Detroit, Michigan.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 1, 2013 Tuesday
                                Regional Edition

Chip says

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C09

LENGTH: 22 words


CHIP SAYSâ[#x20ac][#x201a]On this date in 1908, the first production of the
Model T Ford automobile was unveiled at Ford's plant in Detroit, Michigan.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     September 22, 2013 Sunday 8:13 PM EST

Tesla's feat of ([#xfb01]nancial) engineering

BYLINE: Steven Mufson

SECTION: ; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 2403 words


Tesla Motor's stock is still in overdrive - and not just because of its sleek
cars.

To keep racing forward over the past few months, Tesla has relied on feats of
financial engineering as much as automotive engineering, wooing rich investors
and selling additional shares as the stock price soared.

"There are many people that thought Tesla would fail. Many of them unwisely
chose to short our stock," Tesla chief executive Elon Musk, 42, said at a June 4
annual shareholders' meeting. He added, with a laugh, "I presume those people
are not here today."

Since then, the stock has marched steadily higher, hitting an all-time high of
more than $183 a share Friday. It has risen fivefold this year, pushing the
market value of Tesla above $22 billion, almost a third as much as Ford Motor.
Some other comparisons: In the first half of the year, Ford sold 1.29 million
vehicles in the United States and more than 400,000 in China, while Tesla sold a
total of about 10,500. Ford earned $2.8 billion in profits in six months, while
Tesla lost $19 million.

Tesla's $70,000-plus Model S isn't your grandfather's Oldsmobile (or Rambler).
The luxury sedan goes from zero to 60 mph in 5.4 seconds, it has retractable
door handles, a 17-inch touch-screen display and a liquid-cooled lithium-ion
battery that lies beneath the car's body.

The company isn't much like any other car company, either. Its stock has behaved
like a 1990s-vintage tech company, a firm whose disruptive potential and promise
shares more with Silicon Valley than Detroit. South African-born chief executive
Musk, who made a fortune on PayPal, the money-transfer service, is a salesman
and a brand unto himself. He has turned his Model S into a product like a pricey
watch, stylish handbag or nifty gadget rather than simply a way to get to work.

With great hoopla, Musk has unveiled plans for stations that would offer free
high-speed recharging or, borrowing an idea from a now-bankrupt rival, a battery
swap in 90 seconds. (Musk declined to be interviewed for this article.)

Musk's cachet has been enhanced by his other futuristic visions, such as his
commercial SpaceX company and his outline for a solar-powered, 600-mph
"Hyperloop" to carry people in pods from Los Angeles to San Francisco in half an
hour. (The details haven't been worked out yet.) On Wednesday, Musk announced on
Twitter that within three years Tesla would build an autopilot car that would
drive itself over 90 percent of miles traveled; he also posted a call for
engineers to work on the project. "Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a
practical autopilot system for Model S," he said.

"The expectations are sky-high," said Craig Pirrong, a University of Houston
finance professor. "He has an almost cultlike following among a lot of people.
All those things create a risk of a very big fall."

Yet Musk has been able to build Tesla by relying on big-name financial firms,
which have played multiple roles - and given him time to lose money while
striving to turn a profit. It is the sort of financial breathing room that few
start-ups enjoy.

Goldman Sachs, for example, serves as analyst, investor, underwriter and
personal banker. It holds a 0.34 percent stake of Tesla stock, down from 0.66
percent earlier this year. It also underwrote Tesla's stock offerings and has
extended $275 million in personal loans to Musk so he could add to his own stock
holdings. Musk owns 23.3 percent of the company, a stake worth more than $5
billion. The stock offering in May was quickly organized and well-timed, just as
the share price surged to $92.24.

Morgan Stanley, one of the managers of Tesla's recent $600 million offering of
convertible bonds, owns 4 percent of Tesla's shares. Toyota (2.4 percent) and
Daimler-Benz (4 percent), were both early investors in Tesla that bestowed a
seal of approval from the established auto industry.

"One of the things we try to do at Goldman Sachs is to identify the most
promising people and companies and provide them banking services. This helps
entrepreneurs as they grow their business and hire people, generates wealth for
them and investment banking business for us," said Stuart N. Bernstein, global
head of the clean technology and renewables group at Goldman Sachs. "We think
Elon Musk is one of the most exciting entrepreneurs of the century. He's got
qualities of Henry Ford, Steve Jobs and Bill Gates all rolled up in one."

Not everyone thinks Musk belongs in that pantheon. An unusually large number of
investors have bet against the company by short-selling its stock - a
transaction in which investors profit when the stock price falls. So far this
year that's been a bad bet, and the volume of Tesla stock shorted has dropped
from a stunning 40 percent of available shares to 25 percent, still 10 times the
level considered typical at most companies.

The company has benefitted from glowing media coverage. A Bloomberg Businessweek
cover article in August, which surrounded the car with hearts against a pink
background, crowed: "Anyone hoping to ratchet the Tesla Motors hype down a notch
will want to ignore the company's second-quarter results delivered on Wednesday
afternoon. Tesla turned a profit, much to the surprise of Wall Street analysts,
and said it shipped a record number of its Model S luxury sedans that have
become all the rage with the wealthy, eco-conscious set."

In fact, Tesla posted a loss of $30.5 million, which included the sale of
regulatory credits. Under California law, auto companies must sell a certain
percentage of zero-emission vehicles. Those that fail to do so must buy credits
from companies such as Tesla. Tesla also sold credits to companies seeking to
meet U.S. fuel efficiency standards. Together, these credit sales amounted to
$69.4 million in the second quarter, 17 percent of Tesla's revenue or $13,475
for each of the 5,150 cars sold.

By year's end, the market for those regulatory credits will largely dry up as
other car companies introduce new electric or hybrid vehicles.

"Right now, he's been the beneficiary of an enormous amount of great
pre-publicity. And he's built a car that's worthy of that. It's clear that he's
changed the conversation about electric-powered vehicles," said Maryann N.
Keller, a leading automobile industry analyst.

"But justifying a $20 billion market capitalization, you'd have to extrapolate
out to hundreds of thousands of cars a year, not 20,000," she said. "It does
seem to defy gravity - and common sense."

Increasing value

It's been hard for analysts at investment advisory firms to evaluate future
sales and potential profits both from the Model S, which only went on sale in
mid-2012, and as-yet nonexistent cars designed and priced to appeal to a broader
mass market. While the analysts have been pondering that, Tesla's stock keeps
speeding past their price targets.

Over the summer, Morgan Stanley raised its price target to $103. Andrea James of
Dougherty & Co. raised hers to $200 from $90. Deutsche Bank's Dan Galves - who
in May upped his target from $35 to $50 a share - raised it again in late July,
this time to $160. On Thursday, he jacked it up again to $200.

"We always expected them to be a survivor in the industry, and that's a pretty
tough thing to do," Galves said in an interview. "There has not been a start-up
[car company] to make it in the U.S. in the last 50 years or so."

Deutsche Bank, however, waited to see some of its concerns resolved before
raising its forecast, Galves said. For example, after Tesla raised $1 billion
from investors in May, his worries eased about the company's cash needs. He
expects profit margins to widen, economies of scale to take hold, battery costs
to come down, and new recharging stations to allay consumer concerns about the
vehicles' range, which could go 200 to 300 miles depending on the type of
battery and driving speed. Galves said the next-generation Tesla would be
smaller and lighter, requiring a smaller, cheaper battery and making it
competitive with other mass-market cars.

"They've already produced a car people love, that's performing very well years
ahead of other electric vehicles," he said, "and now they have to prove that it
will be a profitable vehicle and we feel confident that it will be."

He said he expects Tesla to sell about 220,000 units by the end of decade. That
would be one-quarter of 1 percent of the global auto market, but Galves said he
thinks Tesla could earn $14.95 a share by then. While Ford sells a lot more
cars, he said, Tesla's profit margin could be better. Also, Galves noted, Ford
has billions of dollars of underfunded pensions.

"Investors are valuing Tesla not as a regular auto company but as a tech company
that has a big advantage in a technology that could be the technology of the
automotive future," Galves said.

Possible problems

For all of Musk's design and marketing savvy, Tesla still faces potential
potholes. The battery cost has to come down substantially if Musk is going to
meet his goal of introducing a low-cost car with a broader market. It isn't
clear how many of Tesla's customers so far are gung-ho electric car enthusiasts
and whether mainstream car buyers will follow. Sales have been concentrated in
California; it remains unclear whether other U.S. or foreign markets will be as
fertile.

Tesla could also find mass marketing difficult without dealerships. Current laws
in states around the country bar car manufacturers from operating their own
dealerships. Instead, Musk has set up showrooms where customers can look but not
buy. Tesla sells the cars directly, usually online.

In addition, Musk has made commitments this year that could magnify the pain for
Tesla shareholders if the stock takes a downturn. For example, Musk, whose
wealth is mostly tied up in Tesla and Solar City stock, personally guaranteed a
50 percent resale value of three-year-old Teslas, a key element in financing
purchases or leases. That is slightly more than the average resale value of
Audi, BMW, Mercedes, Lexus or Jaguar cars in the same price range. Yet it is
hard to know what the resale value of Teslas will be.

Moreover, Musk obtained his two loans from Goldman Sachs by pledging his own
Tesla shares as collateral. That means that if the price of the stock drops
below his purchase price, Musk might be forced to put up cash or sell shares -
what brokers call a margin call. That in turn could accelerate the drop in the
stock price.

"The forced sale of these shares pursuant to a margin call could cause our stock
price to decline and negatively impact our business," the company said in its
stock offering prospectus this year.

The company's combined stock and bond offering in May raised enough money to pay
off its $465 million very low-interest loan from the Energy Department. That
loan had made it possible for Tesla to buy a shuttered GM plant where it now
makes the Model S.

On the basis of interest rates alone, paying back the Energy Department meant
trading cheap debt for more expensive debt. But Galves said it was good for the
company's image.

The loan granted in 2010 also came with strings attached. It limited Musk's
ability to sell his holdings. And it came with warrants that gave the Energy
Department the right to buy more than 3 million shares of Tesla stock at a fixed
price after December 2018. At today's share price, the warrants would have been
worth more than half a billion dollars. Since Tesla paid back its loan early,
the government had to give up the warrants.

Fighting back

Musk has used his Twitter account - with more than 380,000 followers - to hit
back at critics of Tesla and generate enthusiasm about future projects. In
January 2012, two key executives - the chief engineer and the chassis
engineering chief - unexpectedly resigned and Tesla's stock sank nearly 20
percent. Musk lashed out on Twitter, saying "Too many people want us to fail and
are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla."

Tesla stock bounced back, up 17 percent the next day, and Goldman Sachs raised
its rating from "neutral" to "buy." Musk tweeted, "TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but
back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster."

Musk also spoke up in September 2012 after Tesla announced it would miss its
revenue target, sparking a nearly 10 percent drop in the share price. On
Twitter, Musk announced a secondary public offering and revealed that the
company was cash-flow positive - a new disclosure. The stock price climbed back
up.

Musk took to Twitter again after a February 2013 New York Times article
questioned the driving range of the Model S. Musk excoriated the reporter,
questioning his account, and the stock again regained lost ground. One reason he
jumped on the story: With a shorter driving range, California would have reduced
the number of credits attached to every Model S.

Gaining notice

One measure of Tesla's success is that the big auto companies are paying
attention. General Motors chief executive Dan Akerson has assigned a small team
to study whether the electric vehicle maker poses a threat to GM's business.

GM Vice Chairman Steve Girsky told Bloomberg "history is littered with big
companies that ignored innovation that was coming their way because you didn't
know where you could be disrupted."

Musk responded on Twitter: "Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the
GM team that's studying Tesla, so there!"

Last week, a GM executive said the company was working on a new all-electric car
with a battery capable of a 200-mile range. This time, Musk was more gracious.
"Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable 200 mile range electric
car. Right target. Hope others do same," he tweeted.

"Any good company looks at any company that can disrupt their business," said
Greg Martin, GM's director of communications strategy. "Competitive intelligence
is part of the business. For the auto industry, it's not 1950 or 1960 anymore."
If the industry was arrogant decades ago, Martin said, now "that's not the
case."

Moreover, he noted, GM's Akerson "came from the hyper-competitive world of
telecom where change happens at a more breakneck speed."

"I fully accept that this is a great-looking car that should have executives at
every other auto company in the world scratching their heads and asking, 'Why
didn't we do it?' " Keller, the analyst, said. But, she added, "we'll see how he
does next year."

steven.mufson@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 22, 2013 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Tesla's feat of (financial) engineering

BYLINE: Steven Mufson

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 2393 words


Tesla Motor's stock is still in overdrive - and not just because of its sleek
cars.

To keep racing forward over the past few months, Tesla has relied on feats of
financial engineering as much as automotive engineering, wooing rich investors
and selling additional shares as the stock price soared.

"There are many people that thought Tesla would fail. Many of them unwisely
chose to short our stock," Tesla chief executive Elon Musk, 42, said at a June 4
annual shareholders' meeting. He added, with a laugh, "I presume those people
are not here today."

Since then, the stock has marched steadily higher, hitting an all-time high of
more than $183 a share Friday. It has risen fivefold this year, pushing the
market value of Tesla above $22 billion, almost a third as much as Ford Motor.
Some other comparisons: In the first half of the year, Ford sold 1.29 million
vehicles in the United States and more than 400,000 in China, while Tesla sold a
total of about 10,500. Ford earned $2.8 billion in profits in six months, while
Tesla lost $19 million.

Tesla's $70,000-plus Model S isn't your grandfather's Oldsmobile (or Rambler).
The luxury sedan goes from zero to 60 mph in 5.4 seconds, it has retractable
door handles, a 17-inch touch-screen display and a liquid-cooled lithium-ion
battery that lies beneath the car's body.

The company isn't much like any other car company, either. Its stock has behaved
like a 1990s-vintage tech company, a firm whose disruptive potential and promise
shares more with Silicon Valley than Detroit. South African-born chief executive
Musk, who made a fortune on PayPal, the money-transfer service, is a salesman
and a brand unto himself. He has turned his Model S into a product like a pricey
watch, stylish handbag or nifty gadget rather than simply a way to get to work.

With great hoopla, Musk has unveiled plans for stations that would offer free
high-speed recharging or, borrowing an idea from a now-bankrupt rival, a battery
swap in 90 seconds. (Musk declined to be interviewed for this article.)

Musk's cachet has been enhanced by his other futuristic visions, such as his
commercial SpaceX company and his outline for a solar-powered, 600-mph
"Hyperloop" to carry people in pods from Los Angeles to San Francisco in half an
hour. (The details haven't been worked out yet.) On Wednesday, Musk announced on
Twitter that within three years Tesla would build an autopilot car that would
drive itself over 90 percent of miles traveled; he also posted a call for
engineers to work on the project. "Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a
practical autopilot system for Model S," he said.

"The expectations are sky-high," said Craig Pirrong, a University of Houston
finance professor. "He has an almost cultlike following among a lot of people.
All those things create a risk of a very big fall."

Yet Musk has been able to build Tesla by relying on big-name financial firms,
which have played multiple roles - and given him time to lose money while
striving to turn a profit. It is the sort of financial breathing room that few
start-ups enjoy.

Goldman Sachs, for example, serves as analyst, investor, underwriter and
personal banker. It holds a 0.34 percent stake of Tesla stock, down from 0.66
percent earlier this year. It also underwrote Tesla's stock offerings and has
extended $275 million in personal loans to Musk so he could add to his own stock
holdings. Musk owns 23.3 percent of the company, a stake worth more than $5
billion. The stock offering in May was quickly organized and well-timed, just as
the share price surged to $92.24.

Morgan Stanley, one of the managers of Tesla's recent $600 million offering of
convertible bonds, owns 4 percent of Tesla's shares. Toyota (2.4 percent) and
Daimler-Benz (4 percent), were both early investors in Tesla that bestowed a
seal of approval from the established auto industry.

"One of the things we try to do at Goldman Sachs is to identify the most
promising people and companies and provide them banking services. This helps
entrepreneurs as they grow their business and hire people, generates wealth for
them and investment banking business for us," said Stuart N. Bernstein, global
head of the clean technology and renewables group at Goldman Sachs. "We think
Elon Musk is one of the most exciting entrepreneurs of the century. He's got
qualities of Henry Ford, Steve Jobs and Bill Gates all rolled up in one."

Not everyone thinks Musk belongs in that pantheon. An unusually large number of
investors have bet against the company by short-selling its stock - a
transaction in which investors profit when the stock price falls. So far this
year that's been a bad bet, and the volume of Tesla stock shorted has dropped
from a stunning 40 percent of available shares to 25 percent, still 10 times the
level considered typical at most companies.

The company has benefitted from glowing media coverage. A Bloomberg Businessweek
cover article in August, which surrounded the car with hearts against a pink
background, crowed: "Anyone hoping to ratchet the Tesla Motors hype down a notch
will want to ignore the company's second-quarter results delivered on Wednesday
afternoon. Tesla turned a profit, much to the surprise of Wall Street analysts,
and said it shipped a record number of its Model S luxury sedans that have
become all the rage with the wealthy, eco-conscious set."

In fact, Tesla posted a loss of $30.5 million, which included the sale of
regulatory credits. Under California law, auto companies must sell a certain
percentage of zero-emission vehicles. Those that fail to do so must buy credits
from companies such as Tesla. Tesla also sold credits to companies seeking to
meet U.S. fuel efficiency standards. Together, these credit sales amounted to
$69.4 million in the second quarter, 17 percent of Tesla's revenue or $13,475
for each of the 5,150 cars sold.

By year's end, the market for those regulatory credits will largely dry up as
other car companies introduce new electric or hybrid vehicles.

"Right now, he's been the beneficiary of an enormous amount of great
pre-publicity. And he's built a car that's worthy of that. It's clear that he's
changed the conversation about electric-powered vehicles," said Maryann N.
Keller, a leading automobile industry analyst.

"But justifying a $20 billion market capitalization, you'd have to extrapolate
out to hundreds of thousands of cars a year, not 20,000," she said. "It does
seem to defy gravity - and common sense."

Increasing value

It's been hard for analysts at investment advisory firms to evaluate future
sales and potential profits both from the Model S, which only went on sale in
mid-2012, and as-yet nonexistent cars designed and priced to appeal to a broader
mass market. While the analysts have been pondering that, Tesla's stock keeps
speeding past their price targets.

Over the summer, Morgan Stanley raised its price target to $103. Andrea James of
Dougherty & Co. raised hers to $200 from $90. Deutsche Bank's Dan Galves - who
in May upped his target from $35 to $50 a share - raised it again in late July,
this time to $160. On Thursday, he jacked it up again to $200.

"We always expected them to be a survivor in the industry, and that's a pretty
tough thing to do," Galves said in an interview. "There has not been a start-up
[car company] to make it in the U.S. in the last 50 years or so."

Deutsche Bank, however, waited to see some of its concerns resolved before
raising its forecast, Galves said. For example, after Tesla raised $1 billion
from investors in May, his worries eased about the company's cash needs. He
expects profit margins to widen, economies of scale to take hold, battery costs
to come down, and new recharging stations to allay consumer concerns about the
vehicles' range, which could go 200 to 300 miles depending on the type of
battery and driving speed. Galves said the next-generation Tesla would be
smaller and lighter, requiring a smaller, cheaper battery and making it
competitive with other mass-market cars.

"They've already produced a car people love, that's performing very well years
ahead of other electric vehicles," he said, "and now they have to prove that it
will be a profitable vehicle and we feel confident that it will be."

He said he expects Tesla to sell about 220,000 units by the end of decade. That
would be one-quarter of 1 percent of the global auto market, but Galves said he
thinks Tesla could earn $14.95 a share by then. While Ford sells a lot more
cars, he said, Tesla's profit margin could be better. Also, Galves noted, Ford
has billions of dollars of underfunded pensions.

"Investors are valuing Tesla not as a regular auto company but as a tech company
that has a big advantage in a technology that could be the technology of the
automotive future," Galves said.

Possible problems

For all of Musk's design and marketing savvy, Tesla still faces potential
potholes. The battery cost has to come down substantially if Musk is going to
meet his goal of introducing a low-cost car with a broader market. It isn't
clear how many of Tesla's customers so far are gung-ho electric car enthusiasts
and whether mainstream car buyers will follow. Sales have been concentrated in
California; it remains unclear whether other U.S. or foreign markets will be as
fertile.

Tesla could also find mass marketing difficult without dealerships. Current laws
in states around the country bar car manufacturers from operating their own
dealerships. Instead, Musk has set up showrooms where customers can look but not
buy. Tesla sells the cars directly, usually online.

In addition, Musk has made commitments this year that could magnify the pain for
Tesla shareholders if the stock takes a downturn. For example, Musk, whose
wealth is mostly tied up in Tesla and Solar City stock, personally guaranteed a
50 percent resale value of three-year-old Teslas, a key element in financing
purchases or leases. That is slightly more than the average resale value of
Audi, BMW, Mercedes, Lexus or Jaguar cars in the same price range. Yet it is
hard to know what the resale value of Teslas will be.

Moreover, Musk obtained his two loans from Goldman Sachs by pledging his own
Tesla shares as collateral. That means that if the price of the stock drops
below his purchase price, Musk might be forced to put up cash or sell shares -
what brokers call a margin call. That in turn could accelerate the drop in the
stock price.

"The forced sale of these shares pursuant to a margin call could cause our stock
price to decline and negatively impact our business," the company said in its
stock offering prospectus this year.

The company's combined stock and bond offering in May raised enough money to pay
off its $465 million very low-interest loan from the Energy Department. That
loan had made it possible for Tesla to buy a shuttered GM plant where it now
makes the Model S.

On the basis of interest rates alone, paying back the Energy Department meant
trading cheap debt for more expensive debt. But Galves said it was good for the
company's image.

The loan granted in 2010 also came with strings attached. It limited Musk's
ability to sell his holdings. And it came with warrants that gave the Energy
Department the right to buy more than 3 million shares of Tesla stock at a fixed
price after December 2018. At today's share price, the warrants would have been
worth more than half a billion dollars. Since Tesla paid back its loan early,
the government had to give up the warrants.

Fighting back

Musk has used his Twitter account - with more than 380,000 followers - to hit
back at critics of Tesla and generate enthusiasm about future projects. In
January 2012, two key executives - the chief engineer and the chassis
engineering chief - unexpectedly resigned and Tesla's stock sank nearly 20
percent. Musk lashed out on Twitter, saying "Too many people want us to fail and
are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla."

Tesla stock bounced back, up 17 percent the next day, and Goldman Sachs raised
its rating from "neutral" to "buy." Musk tweeted, "TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but
back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster."

Musk also spoke up in September 2012 after Tesla announced it would miss its
revenue target, sparking a nearly 10 percent drop in the share price. On
Twitter, Musk announced a secondary public offering and revealed that the
company was cash-flow positive - a new disclosure. The stock price climbed back
up.

Musk took to Twitter again after a February 2013 New York Times article
questioned the driving range of the Model S. Musk excoriated the reporter,
questioning his account, and the stock again regained lost ground. One reason he
jumped on the story: With a shorter driving range, California would have reduced
the number of credits attached to every Model S.

Gaining notice

One measure of Tesla's success is that the big auto companies are paying
attention. General Motors chief executive Dan Akerson has assigned a small team
to study whether the electric vehicle maker poses a threat to GM's business.

GM Vice Chairman Steve Girsky told Bloomberg "history is littered with big
companies that ignored innovation that was coming their way because you didn't
know where you could be disrupted."

Musk responded on Twitter: "Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the
GM team that's studying Tesla, so there!"

Last week, a GM executive said the company was working on a new all-electric car
with a battery capable of a 200-mile range. This time, Musk was more gracious.
"Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable 200 mile range electric
car. Right target. Hope others do same," he tweeted.

"Any good company looks at any company that can disrupt their business," said
Greg Martin, GM's director of communications strategy. "Competitive intelligence
is part of the business. For the auto industry, it's not 1950 or 1960 anymore."
If the industry was arrogant decades ago, Martin said, now "that's not the
case."

Moreover, he noted, GM's Akerson "came from the hyper-competitive world of
telecom where change happens at a more breakneck speed."

"I fully accept that this is a great-looking car that should have executives at
every other auto company in the world scratching their heads and asking, 'Why
didn't we do it?' " Keller, the analyst, said. But, she added, "we'll see how he
does next year."

steven.mufson@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                    September 18, 2013 Wednesday 8:13 PM EST

He helped make Toyota a manufacturing model

BYLINE: Kae Inoue;Anna Mukai;Yuki Hagiwara

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 940 words


Eiji Toyoda, who made Toyota an industry giant, dies       Eiji Toyoda, genius
behind Toyota, dies at 100

Mr. Toyoda set up the automaker's expansion into overseas production. He was 100
at his death.

Eiji Toyoda, who spearheaded Toyota Motor Corp.'s expansion in the United States
as the automaker's longest-serving president, died Sept. 17 in Toyota City,
Japan. He was 100.

Toyota Motor announced the death and said the cause was a heart ailment.

Mr. Toyoda helped reshape a maker of Chevrolet knockoffs into an automaker whose
manufacturing efficiency became the envy of General Motors and Ford Motor Co. By
the time Mr. Toyoda stepped down in 1994, the company was assembling Corollas in
the United States, had started the Lexus luxury brand and had initiated a
project that would develop the world's most successful gas-electric hybrid, the
Prius.

Toyoda was a cousin of Kiichiro Toyoda, the founder of the company that bears a
slightly altered version of the family's name. He was one of six company
presidents to come from the family.

During the 69 years he worked at the company, based in central Japan's Toyota
City, it rose from assembling its cars out of parts made by GM to being 16 times
more valuable than the Detroit-based automaker. Eiji Toyoda pushed his company
to learn from Ford and GM about mass production of automobiles.

Mr. Toyoda became president of Toyota Motor Co. in 1967 and served for 15 years
- longer than anyone before or since. In 1982, Toyota Motor and Toyota Motor
Sales Co. merged to form Toyota Motor Corp. Mr. Toyoda became chairman of the
combined company and served until 1992. He was made honorary chairman of the
company upon retirement and kept the title of honorary adviser.

Under his stewardship, the carmaker set up at least 10 new factories, began
exporting to dozens of countries and built a reputation for manufacturing
excellence.

The Corolla, introduced in 1966, became the best-selling car of all time. Mr.
Toyoda stressed the importance of manufacturing concepts that became central to
Toyota's production methods, such as "kaizen," or continuous improvement, and
"jidoka," the use of machines that shut down when irregularities are detected.

His greatest achievement may have been laying the foundation for the company to
apply its manufacturing expertise overseas, which led to the formation of
Toyota's first venture in the United States in 1983 - a year after Mr. Toyoda
passed the presidency to his cousin, Shoichiro.

That venture, New United Motor Manufacturing, in partnership with GM, began
production in 1984 in Fremont, Calif. Its success showed that Toyota's
manufacturing principles could be applied across cultures, giving the company
the confidence to make its own independent plants in Kentucky, Canada, England
and France, according to Mr. Toyoda.

He also oversaw Toyota's development of the Lexus, approving development of the
luxury car in 1983 to compete with Mercedes-Benz and BMW. The first vehicle, the
LS 400, went on sale in the United States in 1989.

The U.S. Automotive Hall of Fame inducted Mr. Toyoda in 1994, making him the
second honoree from Japan, after Soichiro Honda.

Eiji Toyoda was born Sept. 12, 1913, near Nagoya in central Japan. He grew up
inside his father's textile mill, schooled from an early age in machines and
business, according to his autobiography, "Toyota: Fifty Years in Motion."

Mr. Toyoda graduated from the University of Tokyo with a degree in mechanical
engineering in 1936 and joined Toyoda Automatic Loom Works Ltd., working for his
uncle, Sakichi Toyoda, inventor of a loom that automatically shut itself off
when a piece of fabric broke.

At the time, Sakichi's son, Kiichiro, was heading an automobile division of
Toyoda Automatic Loom Works. In 1937, Kiichiro founded Toyota Motor and took his
younger cousin with him.

Eiji Toyoda, then in his 20s, started on the factory floor before being promoted
to production planning and director. From the outset, he was given broad freedom
to pursue interests ranging from fixing cars to helping establish the company
headquarters in Toyota City. He became a director in 1945.

Toyota and Ford held discussions on jointly making cars in the United States,
but they were cut off after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941. Talks
resumed after World War II but did not lead anywhere.

In 1950, during its occupation of Japan, the U.S. Army sent Mr. Toyoda to
Dearborn, Mich., to learn about mass production from Ford. The United States
wanted Toyota to build trucks for its troops in Korea.

"We were producing 40 cars a day," he later recalled. "Ford was making 8,000
units, a 200-times difference."

But Mr. Toyoda concluded that Ford was barely ahead of the much-smaller Toyota
in terms of technology. Back in Japan, he concentrated on making cars in small
batches at maximum efficiency. He began using IBM machines to cut production
costs, according to Kazuo Wada, professor of economics at the University of
Tokyo and author of "A Fable on Manufacturing: Ford to Toyota."

Building on the work of his cousin, Mr. Toyoda developed what became known as
the Toyota Production System, which aimed to eliminate excess inventory of parts
and other waste. The system became so successful it was eventually adopted by
other carmakers and by manufacturers outside the automotive industry.

He had four children with his wife, the former Kazuko Takahashi. Survivors
include his eldest son, Kanshiro, Toyota said.

Bloomberg News

Washington Post staff writer Adam Bernstein and Laurence Arnold and Masatsugu
Horie, both of Bloomberg News, contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 18, 2013 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

He helped make Toyota a manufacturing model

BYLINE: Kae Inoue;Anna Mukai;Yuki Hagiwara

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 931 words


Eiji Toyoda, who made Toyota an industry giant, dies        Eiji Toyoda, genius
behind Toyota, dies at 100

Mr. Toyoda set up the automaker's expansion into overseas production. He was 100
at his death.

Eiji Toyoda, who spearheaded Toyota Motor Corp.'s expansion in the United States
as the automaker's longest-serving president, died Sept. 17 in Toyota City,
Japan. He was 100.

Toyota Motor announced the death and said the cause was a heart ailment.

Mr. Toyoda helped reshape a maker of Chevrolet knockoffs into an automaker whose
manufacturing efficiency became the envy of General Motors and Ford Motor Co. By
the time Mr. Toyoda stepped down in 1994, the company was assembling Corollas in
the United States, had started the Lexus luxury brand and had initiated a
project that would develop the world's most successful gas-electric hybrid, the
Prius.

Toyoda was a cousin of Kiichiro Toyoda, the founder of the company that bears a
slightly altered version of the family's name. He was one of six company
presidents to come from the family.

During the 69 years he worked at the company, based in central Japan's Toyota
City, it rose from assembling its cars out of parts made by GM to being 16 times
more valuable than the Detroit-based automaker. Eiji Toyoda pushed his company
to learn from Ford and GM about mass production of automobiles.

Mr. Toyoda became president of Toyota Motor Co. in 1967 and served for 15 years
- longer than anyone before or since. In 1982, Toyota Motor and Toyota Motor
Sales Co. merged to form Toyota Motor Corp. Mr. Toyoda became chairman of the
combined company and served until 1992. He was made honorary chairman of the
company upon retirement and kept the title of honorary adviser.

Under his stewardship, the carmaker set up at least 10 new factories, began
exporting to dozens of countries and built a reputation for manufacturing
excellence.

The Corolla, introduced in 1966, became the best-selling car of all time. Mr.
Toyoda stressed the importance of manufacturing concepts that became central to
Toyota's production methods, such as "kaizen," or continuous improvement, and
"jidoka," the use of machines that shut down when irregularities are detected.

His greatest achievement may have been laying the foundation for the company to
apply its manufacturing expertise overseas, which led to the formation of
Toyota's first venture in the United States in 1983 - a year after Mr. Toyoda
passed the presidency to his cousin, Shoichiro.

That venture, New United Motor Manufacturing, in partnership with GM, began
production in 1984 in Fremont, Calif. Its success showed that Toyota's
manufacturing principles could be applied across cultures, giving the company
the confidence to make its own independent plants in Kentucky, Canada, England
and France, according to Mr. Toyoda.

He also oversaw Toyota's development of the Lexus, approving development of the
luxury car in 1983 to compete with Mercedes-Benz and BMW. The first vehicle, the
LS 400, went on sale in the United States in 1989.

The U.S. Automotive Hall of Fame inducted Mr. Toyoda in 1994, making him the
second honoree from Japan, after Soichiro Honda.

Eiji Toyoda was born Sept. 12, 1913, near Nagoya in central Japan. He grew up
inside his father's textile mill, schooled from an early age in machines and
business, according to his autobiography, "Toyota: Fifty Years in Motion."

Mr. Toyoda graduated from the University of Tokyo with a degree in mechanical
engineering in 1936 and joined Toyoda Automatic Loom Works Ltd., working for his
uncle, Sakichi Toyoda, inventor of a loom that automatically shut itself off
when a piece of fabric broke.

At the time, Sakichi's son, Kiichiro, was heading an automobile division of
Toyoda Automatic Loom Works. In 1937, Kiichiro founded Toyota Motor and took his
younger cousin with him.

Eiji Toyoda, then in his 20s, started on the factory floor before being promoted
to production planning and director. From the outset, he was given broad freedom
to pursue interests ranging from fixing cars to helping establish the company
headquarters in Toyota City. He became a director in 1945.

Toyota and Ford held discussions on jointly making cars in the United States,
but they were cut off after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941. Talks
resumed after World War II but did not lead anywhere.

In 1950, during its occupation of Japan, the U.S. Army sent Mr. Toyoda to
Dearborn, Mich., to learn about mass production from Ford. The United States
wanted Toyota to build trucks for its troops in Korea.

"We were producing 40 cars a day," he later recalled. "Ford was making 8,000
units, a 200-times difference."

But Mr. Toyoda concluded that Ford was barely ahead of the much-smaller Toyota
in terms of technology. Back in Japan, he concentrated on making cars in small
batches at maximum efficiency. He began using IBM machines to cut production
costs, according to Kazuo Wada, professor of economics at the University of
Tokyo and author of "A Fable on Manufacturing: Ford to Toyota."

Building on the work of his cousin, Mr. Toyoda developed what became known as
the Toyota Production System, which aimed to eliminate excess inventory of parts
and other waste. The system became so successful it was eventually adopted by
other carmakers and by manufacturers outside the automotive industry.

He had four children with his wife, the former Kazuko Takahashi. Survivors
include his eldest son, Kanshiro, Toyota said.

Bloomberg News

Washington Post staff writer Adam Bernstein and Laurence Arnold and Masatsugu
Horie, both of Bloomberg News, contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      September 8, 2013 Sunday 8:13 PM EST

Chance of Syria strike weighs on oil prices

SECTION: ; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 1347 words


President Obama, attending a Group of 20 summit in St. Petersburg, Russia, cited
progress Friday in enlisting international support for a U.S. military strike on
Syria in response to last month's reported chemical weapons attack on civilians,
but Russian President Vladimir Putin disputed evidence of Syrian government
responsibility and opposed a strike. ¶ The price of oil topped $110 a barrel
Friday as Putin said his country will continue to help Syria even if it comes
under attack. ¶ Syria produces a trivial amount of oil and its output has
plummeted as its conflict has grown severe. But the turbulence has driven up oil
prices up on global markets, and it is uncertain where things go from here. ¶
Obama said he would address the American people from the White House on Tuesday
about Syria.

Business

Microsoft will pay $7.2 billion for Nokia's mobile-phone business, combining a
pair of once-mighty technology giants that have struggled individually for a
foothold in the explosive market for smartphones.

Applewas ordered by a federal judge to alter its contracts with e-books
publishers to ensure price competition, in a closely watched decision that could
ripple across Internet commerce for videos, music and other media. Apple is
barred for five years from entering any new agreements with terms that would
prevent retail e-book prices from dropping. An outside auditor will monitor its
compliance.

CBS and Time Warner Cable ended their payment dispute and resumed broadcasts to
millions of homes in New York, Dallas and Los Angeles.

Samsungreleased a smartwatch that the company hopes will solidify its place atop
the consumer electronics market.

JPMorgan Chaseagreed to pay $18.3 million to settle claims that documents for
mortgages acquired by a unit of Bear Stearns failed to disclose the actual
interest rates on adjustable-rate mortgage documents.

Ford Motor chief Alan Mulally said he intends to stay as head of the
second-biggest U.S. automaker, following reports that Microsoft may seek to
recruit him. "I plan to continue to serve as Ford's president and CEO until at
least the end of 2014," and will remain "absolutely laser focused" on earnings
growth, he said.

A trader in Thailand, Badin Rungruangnavarat, agreed to pay $5.2 million to
settle charges that he benefited from on an illegal tip involving the sale of
Smithfield Foods, the SEC said, alleging he made $3.2 million from well-timed
trades.

Eastman Kodak, the photography pioneer that invented the digital camera, emerged
from Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection with plans to continue as a smaller
digital imaging company focusing on commercial products such as high-speed
digital printing technology and printing on flexible packaging for consumer
goods. It filed a $6.75 billion bankruptcy in 2012, weighed down by pension
costs and a years-long delay in embracing digital camera technology.

LinkedInsaid it will sell an additional $1 billion of its Class A common stock
as the Internet company moves to bolster product development and perhaps make
more acquisitions.

JPMorgan Chasewill cease making student loans next month, a move that will leave
the already shrinking private loan market in the hands of even fewer firms.

Google, which nicknames its Android mobile operating systems for smartphones and
tablets after desserts, has for the first time chosen a brand-name candy: Kit
Kat. Financial terms weren't disclosed.

Carnivalreached a tentative agreement with the Environmental Protection Agency
to reduce air pollution from the massive diesel engines powering its cruise
ships. Carnival will deploy scrubbers to reduce sulfur dioxide and filters to
trap soot on as many as 32 ships. At port, the ships will either plug into the
electrical grid, rather than idle, to reduce pollution or use a lower sulfur
fuel.

Safewaywill pay $600,000 and has agreed to a nationwide reduction of greenhouse
gas emissions from refrigeration equipment at its 659 U.S. stores under terms of
a settlement with the EPA.

Targetis considering opening a second store in the District, this one downtown
near Metro Center.

Barnes & Noble said it will open a store in the District next year that will
serve as the college bookstore for Catholic University.

Deals

Delta Air Lines announced an order for Airbus jets worth almost $6 billion at
list prices, softening its reliance on Boeing for the first time in two decades
as it looks for bargains.

Jarden, a consumer products company, is buying Yankee Candle for about $1.75
billion, adding to its brands that include Crock-Pot, Mr. Coffee and Coleman
camping gear.

Earnings

SAIC, the security and communications tech company, said quarterly profit
dropped 61 percent, to $42 million, hurt by costs related to its planned
separation into two companies and charges tied to underperforming programs and
contracts.

Smithfield Foods, the U.S. pork producer that China's Shuanghui International
Holdings is trying to buy for $4.7 billion, posted earnings that missed
analysts' estimates after an increase in feed costs and lower demand in some
foreign markets.

Economy

The U.S. economyadded 169,000 jobs last month, as the grinding recovery
continues to disappoint. Hiring was weaker than many analysts had expected.
Although the jobless rate dipped slightly to 7.3 percent, the drop was the
result of people leaving the work force. The government also lowered its
estimate of the number of jobs created in June and July by 74,000.

The economyexpanded at a "modest to moderate" pace in most of the country
between early July and late August, according to a Federal Reserve Beige Book
report.

Many high-level business executives are willing to quit for a new job
opportunity, even if they are not actively seeking one, a new study said.

U.S. mortgage rates on jumbo loans - those higher than $625,500 in major
metropolitan areas, the largest amount that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will back
- fell for the first time below the lowest average rates of smaller loans. The
average fixed rate for 30-year loans last week was 4.73 percent versus 4.71
percent for a jumbo loan.

U.S. auto salessurged 17 percent in August to a seasonally adjusted annual rate
of 16.1 million cars. That was the fastest pace since October 2007.

Manufacturingexpanded more than forecast in August to the fastest pace since
June 2011. The Institute for Supply Management's factory index climbed to 55.7
from the prior month's 55.4. Fifty is the line between growth and contraction.

Washington

President Obama deployed Bill Clinton - memorably dubbed "the Secretary of
Explaining Stuff" - to raise the public profile of the Affordable Care Act,
which is weeks away from the most critical stage of its implementation.

Transitions

Researchersfound a strong correlation between the size of a region's middle
class and the economic mobility the residents of that region can expect to
experience over their lifetimes. For example, Scranton, Pa., has a significantly
larger middle class than average for the largest 100 regions in the country. Its
mobility is well above average, too. The Washington region has a much smaller
middle class, and its mobility is lower.

Jefferson Johnson, a 10-year-old who's a fifth grader at Flint Hill Elementary
School in Vienna, has gotten the game he designed, "Treehouse Wars," approved
for the App Store.

Miss Manners will become a family business this month as the columnist's two
adult children pitch in to dispense advice.

- From news services and staff reports

i13%U.S. trade deficit

The U.S. trade deficit hit $39.1 billion in July, the Commerce Department
reported. That's up from June's deficit of $34.5 billion, which was the smallest
since late 2009. Imports increased 1.6 percent to $228.6 billion, lifted by more

shipments of oil, autos and consumer goods. Exports slipped 0.6 percent to
$189.4 billion. Companies shipped fewer capital goods, such as civilian aircraft
and industrial engines.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            September 8, 2013 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Chance of Syria strike weighs on oil prices

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 1318 words


President Obama, attending a Group of 20 summit in St. Petersburg, Russia, cited
progress Friday in enlisting international support for a U.S. military strike on
Syria in response to last month's reported chemical weapons attack on civilians,
but Russian President Vladimir Putin disputed evidence of Syrian government
responsibility and opposed a strike. Â¶ The price of oil topped $110 a barrel
Friday as Putin said his country will continue to help Syria even if it comes
under attack. Â¶ Syria produces a trivial amount of oil and its output has
plummeted as its conflict has grown severe. But the turbulence has driven up oil
prices up on global markets, and it is uncertain where things go from here. Â¶
Obama said he would address the American people from the White House on Tuesday
about Syria.

Business

Microsoft will pay $7.2 billion for Nokia's mobile-phone business, combining a
pair of once-mighty technology giants that have struggled individually for a
foothold in the explosive market for smartphones.

Apple was ordered by a federal judge to alter its contracts with e-books
publishers to ensure price competition, in a closely watched decision that could
ripple across Internet commerce for videos, music and other media. Apple is
barred for five years from entering any new agreements with terms that would
prevent retail e-book prices from dropping. An outside auditor will monitor its
compliance.

CBS and Time Warner Cable ended their payment dispute and resumed broadcasts to
millions of homes in New York, Dallas and Los Angeles.

Samsung released a smartwatch that the company hopes will solidify its place
atop the consumer electronics market.

JPMorgan Chase agreed to pay $18.3 million to settle claims that documents for
mortgages acquired by a unit of Bear Stearns failed to disclose the actual
interest rates on adjustable-rate mortgage documents.

Ford Motor chief Alan Mulally said he intends to stay as head of the
second-biggest U.S. automaker, following reports that Microsoft may seek to
recruit him. "I plan to continue to serve as Ford's president and CEO until at
least the end of 2014," and will remain "absolutely laser focused" on earnings
growth, he said.

A trader in Thailand, Badin Rungruangnavarat, agreed to pay $5.2 million to
settle charges that he benefited from on an illegal tip involving the sale of
Smithfield Foods, the SEC said, alleging he made $3.2 million from well-timed
trades.

Eastman Kodak, the photography pioneer that invented the digital camera, emerged
from Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection with plans to continue as a smaller
digital imaging company focusing on commercial products such as high-speed
digital printing technology and printing on flexible packaging for consumer
goods. It filed a $6.75 billion bankruptcy in 2012, weighed down by pension
costs and a years-long delay in embracing digital camera technology.

LinkedIn said it will sell an additional $1 billion of its Class A common stock
as the Internet company moves to bolster product development and perhaps make
more acquisitions.

JPMorgan Chase will cease making student loans next month, a move that will
leave the already shrinking private loan market in the hands of even fewer
firms.

Google, which nicknames its Android mobile operating systems for smartphones and
tablets after desserts, has for the first time chosen a brand-name candy: Kit
Kat. Financial terms weren't disclosed.

Carnival reached a tentative agreement with the Environmental Protection Agency
to reduce air pollution from the massive diesel engines powering its cruise
ships. Carnival will deploy scrubbers to reduce sulfur dioxide and filters to
trap soot on as many as 32 ships. At port, the ships will either plug into the
electrical grid, rather than idle, to reduce pollution or use a lower sulfur
fuel.

Safeway will pay $600,000 and has agreed to a nationwide reduction of greenhouse
gas emissions from refrigeration equipment at its 659 U.S. stores under terms of
a settlement with the EPA.

Target is considering opening a second store in the District, this one downtown
near Metro Center.

Barnes & Noble said it will open a store in the District next year that will
serve as the college bookstore for Catholic University.

Deals

Delta Air Lines announced an order for Airbus jets worth almost $6 billion at
list prices, softening its reliance on Boeing for the first time in two decades
as it looks for bargains.

Jarden, a consumer products company, is buying Yankee Candle for about $1.75
billion, adding to its brands that include Crock-Pot, Mr. Coffee and Coleman
camping gear.

Earnings

SAIC, the security and communications tech company, said quarterly profit
dropped 61 percent, to $42 million, hurt by costs related to its planned
separation into two companies and charges tied to underperforming programs and
contracts.

Smithfield Foods, the U.S. pork producer that China's Shuanghui International
Holdings is trying to buy for $4.7 billion, posted earnings that missed
analysts' estimates after an increase in feed costs and lower demand in some
foreign markets.

Economy

The U.S. economy added 169,000 jobs last month, as the grinding recovery
continues to disappoint. Hiring was weaker than many analysts had expected.
Although the jobless rate dipped slightly to 7.3 percent, the drop was the
result of people leaving the work force. The government also lowered its
estimate of the number of jobs created in June and July by 74,000.

The economy expanded at a "modest to moderate" pace in most of the country
between early July and late August, according to a Federal Reserve Beige Book
report.

Many high-level business executives are willing to quit for a new job
opportunity, even if they are not actively seeking one, a new study said.

U.S. mortgage rates on jumbo loans - those higher than $625,500 in major
metropolitan areas, the largest amount that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will back
- fell for the first time below the lowest average rates of smaller loans. The
average fixed rate for 30-year loans last week was 4.73 percent versus 4.71
percent for a jumbo loan.

U.S. auto sales surged 17 percent in August to a seasonally adjusted annual rate
of 16.1 million cars. That was the fastest pace since October 2007.

Manufacturing expanded more than forecast in August to the fastest pace since
June 2011. The Institute for Supply Management's factory index climbed to 55.7
from the prior month's 55.4. Fifty is the line between growth and contraction.

Washington

President Obama deployed Bill Clinton - memorably dubbed "the Secretary of
Explaining Stuff" - to raise the public profile of the Affordable Care Act,
which is weeks away from the most critical stage of its implementation.

Transitions

Researchers found a strong correlation between the size of a region's middle
class and the economic mobility the residents of that region can expect to
experience over their lifetimes. For example, Scranton, Pa., has a significantly
larger middle class than average for the largest 100 regions in the country. Its
mobility is well above average, too. The Washington region has a much smaller
middle class, and its mobility is lower.

Jefferson Johnson, a 10-year-old who's a fifth grader at Flint Hill Elementary
School in Vienna, has gotten the game he designed, "Treehouse Wars," approved
for the App Store.

Miss Manners will become a family business this month as the columnist's two
adult children pitch in to dispense advice.

- From news services and staff reports

i13%U.S. trade deficit

The U.S. trade deficit hit $39.1 billion in July, the Commerce Department
reported. That's up from June's deficit of $34.5 billion, which was the smallest
since late 2009. Imports increased 1.6 percent to $228.6 billion, lifted by more

shipments of oil, autos and consumer goods. Exports slipped 0.6 percent to
$189.4 billion. Companies shipped fewer capital goods, such as civilian aircraft
and industrial engines.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      August 22, 2013 Thursday 8:13 PM EST

Fairfax County crime report

SECTION: Metro; Pg. T24

LENGTH: 2698 words


Fairfax County

These were among incidents reported by the Fairfax County Police Department. For
information, call 703-246-2253.

FAIR OAKS DISTRICT          ROBBERIES

James Swart Cir., 11200 block, 2:20 a.m. Aug. 13. A man assaulted a 24-year-old
man and demanded his vehicle. A 38-year-old New Jersey man was charged with
carjacking and public drunkenness.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Chain Bridge Rd., 2900 block. Bottles of tequila were stolen from a business.

Cheriton Ct., 9700 block. Crystals and shells were stolen from a residence.

Dulles Corner Blvd., 2300 block. A bag was stolen from a vehicle.

Eastwick Ct., 4400 block. Jewelry was stolen from a residence.

Fair Lakes Promenade, 12200 block. A ring was stolen from a business.

Fair Lakes Promenade, 12900 block. Shoes were stolen from a business.

Fair Oaks Shopping Center, 11700 block. A cellphone was stolen from a business.

Fairfax Towne Center, 12100 block. A purse was stolen from a business.

Fox Glen Dr., 11600 block. A wallet was stolen from a vehicle.

Franklin Farm Rd., 13300 block. Cash was stolen from a business.

Legato Rd., 4100 block. A ring was stolen from a residence.

Little Current Dr., 2400 block. License plates were stolen from a vehicle.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Monument Wall Way, 4200 block. A Ford Taurus was stolen.

FRANCONIA DISTRICT          HOMICIDES

Gila Ct., 8000 block, Aug. 8. The body of 31-year-old Andrea Crew, reported
missing Aug. 8, was recovered from the Occoquan River on Aug. 10. A 27-year-old
relative was charged with murder.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Backlick Rd., 5700 block. A cellphone was stolen from a residence.

Backlick Rd., 5700 block. Jewelry was stolen from a residence.

Cranford Farms Cir. and Gunston Rd., A backpack and cellphones were stolen from
a vehicle.

Franconia Rd., 6100 block. License plates were stolen from a vehicle.

Hechinger Dr., 6900 block. A bag was stolen from a business.

Kingstowne Blvd., 5700 block. Merchandise was stolen from a business.

Leesville Blvd., 7100 block. A cellphone was stolen from a business.

Loisdale Rd., 6600 block. Shoes were stolen from a business.

Mahoney Dr., 7600 block. A generator was stolen from a vehicle.

Monticello Blvd., 9500 block. A ring and other items were stolen from a vehicle.

Saluda Ct., 9500 block. A cellphone was stolen from a vehicle.

Skyles Way, 7000 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

Walker Lane, 6300 block. A laptop computer was stolen from a business.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Backlick Rd., 8200 block. A Ford F-550 was stolen.

Lee Valley Dr., 6500 block. A 2005 Cadillac was stolen.

Metropolitan Center Dr., 6700 block. A 2006 Chrysler Sebring was stolen.

Skyles Way, 7000 block. A Ford F-350 was stolen.

South Van Dorn St., 5900 block. A 2001 Honda Accord was stolen.

MASON DISTRICT          PEEPING TOM INCIDENTS

South George Mason Dr., 3500 block, 12:05 a.m. Aug. 13. A woman saw someone
looking into her home.

ROBBERIES

Fallswood Glen Ct., 3000 block, 1:21 a.m. Aug. 10. Two men, one with a handgun,
robbed two male pedestrians of cash and other items.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Arlington Blvd., 6100 block. Bicycles were stolen from a business.

Cannongate Rd., 3300 block. A bicycle was stolen from a residence.

Carlin Springs Rd., 3400 block. Beer was stolen from a business.

Columbia Pike, 5800 block. Copper was stolen from a business.

Columbia Pike, 6300 block. Bottles of liquor were stolen from a business.

Glenallen St., 5500 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

John Marr Dr., 4200 block. Clothes were stolen from a business.

Knollwood Dr., 6100 block. License plates were stolen from a vehicle.

Leesburg Pike, 6300 block. Cigarettes were stolen from a business.

Little River Tpk., 6200 block. Liquor was stolen from a business.

Mantua Dr., 3300 block. A bicycle was stolen from a residence.

Rio Dr., 3200 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

Seven Corners Center, 6300 block. A wallet was stolen from a business.

Westlawn Dr., 6800 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

Eighth St., 6300 block. Cash was stolen from a residence.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Powell Lane, 3800 block. A 2003 Honda CRF 100 was stolen.

MCLEAN DISTRICT          THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Allan Ave., 7300 block. A bicycle was stolen from a residence.

Arlington Blvd., 6500 block, 6:10 p.m. Aug. 10. Cash was stolen from a business
entered by forcing a window.

Ashgrove Lane, 8800 block. Baseball cards were stolen from a residence.

Chain Bridge Rd., 1900 block. A cellphone was stolen from a business.

Chain Bridge Rd., 1900 block. Clothing was stolen from a business.

Chain Bridge Rd., 1900 block. Items were stolen from a vehicle.

Chain Bridge Rd., 1900 block. Merchandise was stolen from a business.

Dorr Ave., 2800 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

Gallows Rd., 2200 block. Cigarettes were stolen from a business.

Gallows Rd., 2900 block. A bag was stolen from a business.

Grayson Pl., 2100 block. A cellphone was stolen from a residence.

Kings Chapel Rd., 2900 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

Lee Hwy., 7300 block. Cigarettes were stolen from a business.

Lee Hwy., 9400 block. IDs were stolen from a residence.

Leesburg Pike, 7500 block. Cigarettes were stolen from a business.

Leesburg Pike, 8000 block. Cigarettes were stolen from a business.

Leesburg Pike, 8000 block. Copper was stolen from a construction site.

Leesburg Pike, 8100 block. Merchandise was stolen from a business.

Meadow Lane, 2800 block, 6:10 p.m. Aug. 10. A TV and other items were stolen
from a residence entered by forcing a rear door.

Merrilee Dr., 2800 block, 10:15 a.m. Aug. 8. Two men stole copper pipes from a
store. A 24-year-old Lorton man was charged with grand larceny and possession
with intent to sell, and a 25-year-old Alexandria man was charged with grand
larceny.

Miracle Lane, 1900 block, 8:35 p.m. Aug. 10. Cash was stolen from a residence
entered by forcing a window.

Old Dominion Dr., 6700 block. Cigarettes were stolen from a business.

Old Dominion Dr., 6700 block. Two cases of beer were stolen from a business.

Old Dominion Dr., 7100 block. A briefcase was stolen from a vehicle.

Toronto St., 2100 block. Bicycles were stolen from a residence.

Tremayne Pl., 7600 block. A camera lens was stolen from a residence.

Tysons Corner Center, 8100 block. Duffel bags were stolen from a business.

Tysons Corner Center, 8100 block. Merchandise was stolen from a business.

Tysons Corner Center, 8100 block. Sunglasses were stolen from a business.

Westmoreland St., 1900 block. A wallet was stolen from a business.

MOUNT VERNON DISTRICT          ASSAULTS

Cooper Rd. and Richmond Hwy., 12:10 a.m. Aug. 8. The driver of a vehicle fled
when police initiated a traffic stop. After a pursuit, a 22-year-old Alexandria
man was stopped and charged with assaulting an officer, speeding to elude
police, reckless driving, possession of marijuana, driving with a suspended
license and improper registration. A 23-year-old Alexandria female, a passenger
in the vehicle, was charged with public drunkenness.

ROBBERIES

Old Mount Vernon Rd., 8100 block, 3:02 p.m. Aug. 13. Two men, one with a
handgun, robbed a convenience store of cash, and then fled on foot.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Aspen Dr., 4200 block, 8 a.m. Aug. 8. Vehicle keys were stolen from a residence
entered through an unlocked door. The vehicle was then stolen.

Boulevard View, 6500 block. A bicycle was stolen from a residence.

Brockham Dr., 8300 block. Clothing was stolen from a residence.

Fairchild Dr., 7100 block. A cellphone was stolen from a business.

Fenimore Pl., 4600 block. Cash was stolen from a vehicle.

Foxcroft Rd., 6200 block. A cellphone and another electronic device were stolen
from a vehicle.

Furman Lane, 3000 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

Janna Lee Ave., 7900 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

Lockheed Blvd., 3100 block. Beer was stolen from a business.

Marl Pat Dr., 34000 block, 7:15 p.m. Aug. 8. Jewelry was stolen from a residence
entered by forcing a rear door.

North Kings Hwy., 5700 block. A mirror was stolen from a vehicle.

Richmond Hwy., 6300 block. Property was stolen from a business.

Richmond Hwy., 6600 block. Aluminum hand rails were stolen from a business.

Richmond Hwy., 7300 block, 4 p.m. Aug. 10. Cellphones were stolen from a
business entered by shattering a front door.

Richmond Hwy., 7700 block, 8 p.m. Aug. 8. Copper pipes and other merchandise
were stolen from a store. A 26-year-old Maryland man was charged with grand
larceny and possession with intent to sell.

Rolling Stone Way, 4300 block. Jewelry and an electronic device were stolen from
a residence.

Tower Dr., 6500 block. Items were stolen from a residence.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Aspen Dr., 4200 block. A 2002 Chevrolet was stolen.

Pantano Pl., 8000 block. A 2007 Yamaha motorcycle was stolen.

Silverada Pl., 7900 block. A 2006 Mazda 6 was stolen.

RESTON DISTRICT          PEEPING TOM INCIDENTS

Taliesin Pl., 12000 block, 2:30 a.m. Aug. 8. A woman saw a man looking in her
window.

ROBBERIES

Maple Ridge Rd., 11500 block, 10:45 p.m. Aug. 7. Two men accosted a 46-year-old
man walking on a path and robbed him of cash.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Cypress Cove Cir., 2300 block, 8:45 p.m. Aug. 13. Jewelry and other items were
stolen from a residence.

Fountain Dr., 1700 block. Cash was stolen from a business.

Generation Dr., 2300 block. Credit cards were stolen from a business.

Hunters Woods Plaza, 2200 block. Beer was stolen from a business.

Market St., 12000 block. A vase of flowers was stolen from a business.

Town Center Plaza, 2100 block. Tires were stolen from a business.

Woodland Park Rd., 13300 block. An electronic device was stolen from a business.

SULLY DISTRICTTHEFTS/BREAK-INS

Chelsey Pl., 14500 block. License plates were stolen from a vehicle.

Gothwaite Dr., 6100 block. A cellphone and cash were stolen from a vehicle.

St. Germain Dr., 14100 block. Beer was stolen from a business.

Stonecroft Blvd., 4900 block. A cellphone was stolen from a business.

Wood Lilly Lane, 13400 block. Sleeping bags and a tent were stolen from a
vehicle.

Woodmere Ct., 14400 block. A wallet was stolen from a business.

Wycombe St., 14700 block, 4 p.m. Aug. 14. A laptop computer and other items were
stolen from a residence entered by forcing a rear door.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Willard Rd., 13900 block. A 2008 Dodge was stolen.

WEST SPRINGFIELD DISTRICT          PEEPING TOM INCIDENTS

Colston Ct., 10200 block, 2:30 a.m. Aug. 14. A woman saw a man looking into her
home.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Birch Bay Cir., 8900 block. A bicycle was stolen from a residence.

Boston Blvd., 7300 block. A wallet was stolen from a business.

Bristow Dr., 7700 block. A cellphone was stolen from a business.

Cove Rd., 4900 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

Crooked Creek Ct., 10100 block. Credit cards were stolen from a vehicle.

First Landing Way, 5700 block. A wallet was stolen from a vehicle.

Inverchapel Rd., 5500 block, 11 p.m. Aug. 12. Cash was stolen from a residence
entered by forcing a window.

Oak Chase Cir., 8600 block. A wallet was stolen from a vehicle.

Old Keene Mill Rd., 8400 block. A purse was stolen from a business.

Ox Rd., 8900 block. Tickets were stolen from a business.

Rolling Rd., 6100 block. A cellphone was stolen from a school.

Rolling Rd., 7800 block. A wallet was stolen from a business.

Silverbrook Rd., 8100 block. A purse was stolen from a business.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Fernleigh Blvd., 6100 block. A 2007 Honda was stolen.

Fairfax City

These were among incidents reported by the Fairfax City Police Department. For
information, call 703-385-7809.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Chain Bridge Rd., 4000 block, Feb. 28 to March 15. A box containing camera
equipment was stolen from an unlocked office at a business.

Crestar St., 4000 block, 11 p.m. Aug. 5 to 4 p.m. Aug. 6. Two planters
containing tropical plants were stolen from the front steps of a residence.

Fairfax Blvd., 10400 block, 11:47 a.m. Aug. 11. A counterfeit $100 bill was used
to make a purchase.

Layton Hall Dr., 10300 block, 5:30 p.m. Aug. 9. A bag containing clothes was
stolen after it was left outside an apartment door.

Lee Hwy., 11000 block, 4:34 p.m. Aug. 11. Two cellphones were stolen from a
store.

Old Lee Hwy., 3200 block, 2:58 p.m. Aug. 8. A store security officer saw a male
place merchandise into a satchel, then place the satchel into a vehicle. A
50-year-old Fairfax City man was charged with grand larceny.

Willard Way, 10300 block, 3:15 p.m. Aug. 11. Two females stole a bottle of
alcohol from a liquor store.

Falls Church

These were among incidents reported by the Falls Church Police Department. For
information, call 703-248-5056.

ASSAULTS

West St. N., 400 block, Aug. 5. A 58-year-old Falls Church man was arrested in
connection with an assault of a family member.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Broad St. W., 400 block, Aug. 7. An iPad and jewelry were stolen from a
residence.

Broad St. W., 400 block, Aug. 9. Cash and cartons of cigarettes were stolen from
a business entered by smashing a front door.

Washington St. S., 200 block, Aug. 8. A male stole a case of beer from a
convenience store.

Herndon

These were among incidents reported by the Herndon Police Department. For
information, call 703-435-6846.

ABDUCTIONS

Park Ave., 800 block, 10:12 p.m. Aug. 8. Police were investigating a report of a
man driving a 16-year-old girl to an unidentified location and sexually
assaulting her.

ASSAULTS

Elden St., 1000 block, 6:38 p.m. Aug. 11. An assault was reported.

Elden St., 200 block, 5:24 a.m. Aug. 10. An assault was reported.

Linden Ct., 300 block, 8:42 p.m. Aug. 5. An assault was reported.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Alabama Dr., 1000 block, 3 p.m. Aug. 6. A theft was reported.

Dublin Pl., 1100 block, 5:45 a.m. Aug. 5. A theft from a vehicle was reported.

Elden St., 400 block, 12:58 p.m. Aug. 6. A theft was reported.

Elden St., 400 block, 5:52 p.m. Aug. 11. A theft was reported.

Elden St., 1200 block, 6:31 p.m. Aug. 9. Fraud was reported.

Herndon Pkwy., 1200 block, 7:09 p.m. Aug. 6. A theft was reported.

Herndon Pkwy., 1200 block, 9:51 p.m. Aug. 6. A theft was reported.

Jeff Ryan Dr., 1000 block, 10:24 p.m. Aug. 9. A theft was reported.

Post Dr., 600 block, 1:26 p.m. Aug. 9. A theft was reported.

VANDALISM

Merlins Lane, 500 block, 7:14 p.m. Aug. 7. Property was destroyed.

Queens Row St., 400 block, 10:23 a.m. Aug. 1. Property was destroyed.

Vienna

These were among incidents reported by the Vienna Police Department. For
information, call 703-255-6396.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Desale St. SW, 1000 block, 9 a.m. July 31 to 10:10 p.m. Aug. 8. A license plate
was stolen from a vehicle.

Maple Ave. E., 1000 block, 8 a.m. Aug. 1 to 10:27 a.m. Aug. 11. Patio chairs
were stolen from the back yard of a vacant house.

Maple Ave. E., 200 block, 1:50 p.m. Aug. 14. Two cartons of cigarettes were
stolen from a business.

Marshall Rd. SW, 600 block, 9 p.m. Aug. 9 to 10 a.m. Aug. 10. A swim club was
entered, and lawn chairs and a table tennis table were thrown into the swimming
pool.

Pickett Pl. SW, 1000 block, 7 p.m. Aug. 11 to 5:30 p.m. Aug. 13. A decorative
slate welcome sign was stolen from a porch of a residence.

Ware St. SW, 700 block, 5 p.m. Aug. 2 to 7 a.m. Aug. 3. A cellphone and a
cellphone charger were stolen from a vehicle.

- Compiled by Jean Mack

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

Fairfax County crime report

SECTION: METRO; Pg. T24

LENGTH: 2509 words

Fairfax County

These were among incidents reported by the Fairfax County Police Department. For
information, call 703-246-2253.

FAIR OAKS DISTRICT

ROBBERIES

James Swart Cir., 11200 block, 2:20 a.m. Aug. 13. A man assaulted a 24-year-old
man and demanded his vehicle. A 38-year-old New Jersey man was charged with
carjacking and public drunkenness.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Chain Bridge Rd., 2900 block. Bottles of tequila were stolen from a business.

Cheriton Ct., 9700 block. Crystals and shells were stolen from a residence.

Dulles Corner Blvd., 2300 block. A bag was stolen from a vehicle.

Eastwick Ct., 4400 block. Jewelry was stolen from a residence.

Fair Lakes Promenade, 12200 block. A ring was stolen from a business.

Fair Lakes Promenade, 12900 block. Shoes were stolen from a business.

Fair Oaks Shopping Center, 11700 block. A cellphone was stolen from a business.

Fairfax Towne Center, 12100 block. A purse was stolen from a business.

Fox Glen Dr., 11600 block. A wallet was stolen from a vehicle.

Franklin Farm Rd., 13300 block. Cash was stolen from a business.

Legato Rd., 4100 block. A ring was stolen from a residence.

Little Current Dr., 2400 block. License plates were stolen from a vehicle.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Monument Wall Way, 4200 block. A Ford Taurus was stolen.

FRANCONIA DISTRICT

HOMICIDES

Gila Ct., 8000 block, Aug. 8. The body of 31-year-old Andrea Crew, reported
missing Aug. 8, was recovered from the Occoquan River on Aug. 10. A 27-year-old
relative was charged with murder.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Backlick Rd., 5700 block. A cellphone was stolen from a residence.

Backlick Rd., 5700 block. Jewelry was stolen from a residence.

Cranford Farms Cir. and Gunston Rd., A backpack and cellphones were stolen from
a vehicle.

Franconia Rd., 6100 block. License plates were stolen from a vehicle.

Hechinger Dr., 6900 block. A bag was stolen from a business.

Kingstowne Blvd., 5700 block. Merchandise was stolen from a business.

Leesville Blvd., 7100 block. A cellphone was stolen from a business.

Loisdale Rd., 6600 block. Shoes were stolen from a business.

Mahoney Dr., 7600 block. A generator was stolen from a vehicle.

Monticello Blvd., 9500 block. A ring and other items were stolen from a vehicle.

Saluda Ct., 9500 block. A cellphone was stolen from a vehicle.

Skyles Way, 7000 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

Walker Lane, 6300 block. A laptop computer was stolen from a business.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Backlick Rd., 8200 block. A Ford F-550 was stolen.

Lee Valley Dr., 6500 block. A 2005 Cadillac was stolen.

Metropolitan Center Dr., 6700 block. A 2006 Chrysler Sebring was stolen.

Skyles Way, 7000 block. A Ford F-350 was stolen.

South Van Dorn St., 5900 block. A 2001 Honda Accord was stolen.

MASON DISTRICT

PEEPING TOM INCIDENTS

South George Mason Dr., 3500 block, 12:05 a.m. Aug. 13. A woman saw someone
looking into her home.

ROBBERIES

Fallswood Glen Ct., 3000 block, 1:21 a.m. Aug. 10. Two men, one with a handgun,
robbed two male pedestrians of cash and other items.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Arlington Blvd., 6100 block. Bicycles were stolen from a business.

Cannongate Rd., 3300 block. A bicycle was stolen from a residence.

Carlin Springs Rd., 3400 block. Beer was stolen from a business.

Columbia Pike, 5800 block. Copper was stolen from a business.

Columbia Pike, 6300 block. Bottles of liquor were stolen from a business.

Glenallen St., 5500 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

John Marr Dr., 4200 block. Clothes were stolen from a business.

Knollwood Dr., 6100 block. License plates were stolen from a vehicle.

Leesburg Pike, 6300 block. Cigarettes were stolen from a business.

Little River Tpk., 6200 block. Liquor was stolen from a business.

Mantua Dr., 3300 block. A bicycle was stolen from a residence.

Rio Dr., 3200 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

Seven Corners Center, 6300 block. A wallet was stolen from a business.

Westlawn Dr., 6800 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

Eighth St., 6300 block. Cash was stolen from a residence.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Powell Lane, 3800 block. A 2003 Honda CRF 100 was stolen.

MCLEAN DISTRICT

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Allan Ave., 7300 block. A bicycle was stolen from a residence.

Arlington Blvd., 6500 block, 6:10 p.m. Aug. 10. Cash was stolen from a business
entered by forcing a window.

Ashgrove Lane, 8800 block. Baseball cards were stolen from a residence.

Chain Bridge Rd., 1900 block. A cellphone was stolen from a business.

Chain Bridge Rd., 1900 block. Clothing was stolen from a business.

Chain Bridge Rd., 1900 block. Items were stolen from a vehicle.

Chain Bridge Rd., 1900 block. Merchandise was stolen from a business.

Dorr Ave., 2800 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

Gallows Rd., 2200 block. Cigarettes were stolen from a business.

Gallows Rd., 2900 block. A bag was stolen from a business.

Grayson Pl., 2100 block. A cellphone was stolen from a residence.

Kings Chapel Rd., 2900 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

Lee Hwy., 7300 block. Cigarettes were stolen from a business.

Lee Hwy., 9400 block. IDs were stolen from a residence.

Leesburg Pike, 7500 block. Cigarettes were stolen from a business.

Leesburg Pike, 8000 block. Cigarettes were stolen from a business.

Leesburg Pike, 8000 block. Copper was stolen from a construction site.

Leesburg Pike, 8100 block. Merchandise was stolen from a business.

Meadow Lane, 2800 block, 6:10 p.m. Aug. 10. A TV and other items were stolen
from a residence entered by forcing a rear door.

Merrilee Dr., 2800 block, 10:15 a.m. Aug. 8. Two men stole copper pipes from a
store. A 24-year-old Lorton man was charged with grand larceny and possession
with intent to sell, and a 25-year-old Alexandria man was charged with grand
larceny.

Miracle Lane, 1900 block, 8:35 p.m. Aug. 10. Cash was stolen from a residence
entered by forcing a window.

Old Dominion Dr., 6700 block. Cigarettes were stolen from a business.

Old Dominion Dr., 6700 block. Two cases of beer were stolen from a business.

Old Dominion Dr., 7100 block. A briefcase was stolen from a vehicle.

Toronto St., 2100 block. Bicycles were stolen from a residence.

Tremayne Pl., 7600 block. A camera lens was stolen from a residence.

Tysons Corner Center, 8100 block. Duffel bags were stolen from a business.

Tysons Corner Center, 8100 block. Merchandise was stolen from a business.

Tysons Corner Center, 8100 block. Sunglasses were stolen from a business.

Westmoreland St., 1900 block. A wallet was stolen from a business.

MOUNT VERNON DISTRICT

ASSAULTS

Cooper Rd. and Richmond Hwy., 12:10 a.m. Aug. 8. The driver of a vehicle fled
when police initiated a traffic stop. After a pursuit, a 22-year-old Alexandria
man was stopped and charged with assaulting an officer, speeding to elude
police, reckless driving, possession of marijuana, driving with a suspended
license and improper registration. A 23-year-old Alexandria female, a passenger
in the vehicle, was charged with public drunkenness.

ROBBERIES

Old Mount Vernon Rd., 8100 block, 3:02 p.m. Aug. 13. Two men, one with a
handgun, robbed a convenience store of cash, and then fled on foot.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Aspen Dr., 4200 block, 8 a.m. Aug. 8. Vehicle keys were stolen from a residence
entered through an unlocked door. The vehicle was then stolen.

Boulevard View, 6500 block. A bicycle was stolen from a residence.

Brockham Dr., 8300 block. Clothing was stolen from a residence.

Fairchild Dr., 7100 block. A cellphone was stolen from a business.

Fenimore Pl., 4600 block. Cash was stolen from a vehicle.

Foxcroft Rd., 6200 block. A cellphone and another electronic device were stolen
from a vehicle.

Furman Lane, 3000 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

Janna Lee Ave., 7900 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

Lockheed Blvd., 3100 block. Beer was stolen from a business.

Marl Pat Dr., 34000 block, 7:15 p.m. Aug. 8. Jewelry was stolen from a residence
entered by forcing a rear door.

North Kings Hwy., 5700 block. A mirror was stolen from a vehicle.

Richmond Hwy., 6300 block. Property was stolen from a business.

Richmond Hwy., 6600 block. Aluminum hand rails were stolen from a business.

Richmond Hwy., 7300 block, 4 p.m. Aug. 10. Cellphones were stolen from a
business entered by shattering a front door.

Richmond Hwy., 7700 block, 8 p.m. Aug. 8. Copper pipes and other merchandise
were stolen from a store. A 26-year-old Maryland man was charged with grand
larceny and possession with intent to sell.

Rolling Stone Way, 4300 block. Jewelry and an electronic device were stolen from
a residence.

Tower Dr., 6500 block. Items were stolen from a residence.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Aspen Dr., 4200 block. A 2002 Chevrolet was stolen.

Pantano Pl., 8000 block. A 2007 Yamaha motorcycle was stolen.

Silverada Pl., 7900 block. A 2006 Mazda 6 was stolen.

RESTON DISTRICT

PEEPING TOM INCIDENTS

Taliesin Pl., 12000 block, 2:30 a.m. Aug. 8. A woman saw a man looking in her
window.

ROBBERIES

Maple Ridge Rd., 11500 block, 10:45 p.m. Aug. 7. Two men accosted a 46-year-old
man walking on a path and robbed him of cash.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Cypress Cove Cir., 2300 block, 8:45 p.m. Aug. 13. Jewelry and other items were
stolen from a residence.

Fountain Dr., 1700 block. Cash was stolen from a business.

Generation Dr., 2300 block. Credit cards were stolen from a business.

Hunters Woods Plaza, 2200 block. Beer was stolen from a business.

Market St., 12000 block. A vase of flowers was stolen from a business.

Town Center Plaza, 2100 block. Tires were stolen from a business.

Woodland Park Rd., 13300 block. An electronic device was stolen from a business.


SULLY DISTRICTTHEFTS/BREAK-INS

Chelsey Pl., 14500 block. License plates were stolen from a vehicle.

Gothwaite Dr., 6100 block. A cellphone and cash were stolen from a vehicle.

St. Germain Dr., 14100 block. Beer was stolen from a business.

Stonecroft Blvd., 4900 block. A cellphone was stolen from a business.

Wood Lilly Lane, 13400 block. Sleeping bags and a tent were stolen from a
vehicle.

Woodmere Ct., 14400 block. A wallet was stolen from a business.

Wycombe St., 14700 block, 4 p.m. Aug. 14. A laptop computer and other items were
stolen from a residence entered by forcing a rear door.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Willard Rd., 13900 block. A 2008 Dodge was stolen.

WEST SPRINGFIELD DISTRICT

PEEPING TOM INCIDENTS

Colston Ct., 10200 block, 2:30 a.m. Aug. 14. A woman saw a man looking into her
home.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Birch Bay Cir., 8900 block. A bicycle was stolen from a residence.

Boston Blvd., 7300 block. A wallet was stolen from a business.

Bristow Dr., 7700 block. A cellphone was stolen from a business.

Cove Rd., 4900 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

Crooked Creek Ct., 10100 block. Credit cards were stolen from a vehicle.

First Landing Way, 5700 block. A wallet was stolen from a vehicle.

Inverchapel Rd., 5500 block, 11 p.m. Aug. 12. Cash was stolen from a residence
entered by forcing a window.

Oak Chase Cir., 8600 block. A wallet was stolen from a vehicle.

Old Keene Mill Rd., 8400 block. A purse was stolen from a business.

Ox Rd., 8900 block. Tickets were stolen from a business.

Rolling Rd., 6100 block. A cellphone was stolen from a school.

Rolling Rd., 7800 block. A wallet was stolen from a business.

Silverbrook Rd., 8100 block. A purse was stolen from a business.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Fernleigh Blvd., 6100 block. A 2007 Honda was stolen.

Fairfax City

These were among incidents reported by the Fairfax City Police Department. For
information, call 703-385-7809.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Chain Bridge Rd., 4000 block, Feb. 28 to March 15. A box containing camera
equipment was stolen from an unlocked office at a business.

Crestar St., 4000 block, 11 p.m. Aug. 5 to 4 p.m. Aug. 6. Two planters
containing tropical plants were stolen from the front steps of a residence.

Fairfax Blvd., 10400 block, 11:47 a.m. Aug. 11. A counterfeit $100 bill was used
to make a purchase.

Layton Hall Dr., 10300 block, 5:30 p.m. Aug. 9. A bag containing clothes was
stolen after it was left outside an apartment door.

Lee Hwy., 11000 block, 4:34 p.m. Aug. 11. Two cellphones were stolen from a
store.

Old Lee Hwy., 3200 block, 2:58 p.m. Aug. 8. A store security officer saw a male
place merchandise into a satchel, then place the satchel into a vehicle. A
50-year-old Fairfax City man was charged with grand larceny.

Willard Way, 10300 block, 3:15 p.m. Aug. 11. Two females stole a bottle of
alcohol from a liquor store.

Falls Church

These were among incidents reported by the Falls Church Police Department. For
information, call 703-248-5056.

ASSAULTS

West St. N., 400 block, Aug. 5. A 58-year-old Falls Church man was arrested in
connection with an assault of a family member.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Broad St. W., 400 block, Aug. 7. An iPad and jewelry were stolen from a
residence.

Broad St. W., 400 block, Aug. 9. Cash and cartons of cigarettes were stolen from
a business entered by smashing a front door.

Washington St. S., 200 block, Aug. 8. A male stole a case of beer from a
convenience store.

Herndon

These were among incidents reported by the Herndon Police Department. For
information, call 703-435-6846.

ABDUCTIONS

Park Ave., 800 block, 10:12 p.m. Aug. 8. Police were investigating a report of a
man driving a 16-year-old girl to an unidentified location and sexually
assaulting her.

ASSAULTS

Elden St., 1000 block, 6:38 p.m. Aug. 11. An assault was reported.

Elden St., 200 block, 5:24 a.m. Aug. 10. An assault was reported.

Linden Ct., 300 block, 8:42 p.m. Aug. 5. An assault was reported.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Alabama Dr., 1000 block, 3 p.m. Aug. 6. A theft was reported.

Dublin Pl., 1100 block, 5:45 a.m. Aug. 5. A theft from a vehicle was reported.

Elden St., 400 block, 12:58 p.m. Aug. 6. A theft was reported.

Elden St., 400 block, 5:52 p.m. Aug. 11. A theft was reported.

Elden St., 1200 block, 6:31 p.m. Aug. 9. Fraud was reported.

Herndon Pkwy., 1200 block, 7:09 p.m. Aug. 6. A theft was reported.

Herndon Pkwy., 1200 block, 9:51 p.m. Aug. 6. A theft was reported.

Jeff Ryan Dr., 1000 block, 10:24 p.m. Aug. 9. A theft was reported.

Post Dr., 600 block, 1:26 p.m. Aug. 9. A theft was reported.

VANDALISM

Merlins Lane, 500 block, 7:14 p.m. Aug. 7. Property was destroyed.

Queens Row St., 400 block, 10:23 a.m. Aug. 1. Property was destroyed.

Vienna

These were among incidents reported by the Vienna Police Department. For
information, call 703-255-6396.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Desale St. SW, 1000 block, 9 a.m. July 31 to 10:10 p.m. Aug. 8. A license plate
was stolen from a vehicle.

Maple Ave. E., 1000 block, 8 a.m. Aug. 1 to 10:27 a.m. Aug. 11. Patio chairs
were stolen from the back yard of a vacant house.

Maple Ave. E., 200 block, 1:50 p.m. Aug. 14. Two cartons of cigarettes were
stolen from a business.

Marshall Rd. SW, 600 block, 9 p.m. Aug. 9 to 10 a.m. Aug. 10. A swim club was
entered, and lawn chairs and a table tennis table were thrown into the swimming
pool.

Pickett Pl. SW, 1000 block, 7 p.m. Aug. 11 to 5:30 p.m. Aug. 13. A decorative
slate welcome sign was stolen from a porch of a residence.

Ware St. SW, 700 block, 5 p.m. Aug. 2 to 7 a.m. Aug. 3. A cellphone and a
cellphone charger were stolen from a vehicle.

- Compiled by Jean Mack

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Fairfax South

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       August 16, 2013 Friday 8:13 PM EST

Ford to lower mileage rating on C-Max hybrid; Dell earnings fall

SECTION: A section; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 845 words


AUTOS          Ford will cut estimate of C-Max's mileage

Ford will lower the advertised fuel-economy ratings on its C-Max hybrid by up to
seven miles per gallon, the company said Thursday, following complaints from
consumers and industry experts that the model's actual mileage fell short of
claims.

Because discrepancies between advertised mileage ratings and real-world mileage
affect a number of manufacturers, especially of hybrid gasoline-electric
vehicles, the Environmental Protection Agency said Thursday that it plans to
update its labeling regulations.

The EPA said the 2013 Ford C-Max would be relabeled under its new ratings system
to reflect estimated fuel economy of 40 miles per gallon on the highway, 45 mpg
in the city and 43 mpg combined. Previously, the C-Max was rated at 47 mpg
highway, city and combined.

Ford said it will send checks to C-Max customers to make up the difference in
fuel costs - $550 to owners and $325 to lessees.

The EPA said it tested the C-Max after receiving consumer complaints that the
vehicle did not achieve the labeled mileage.

The move is a blow to the second-largest U.S. automaker, which has touted its
superior fuel efficiency and has been vocal in its desire to overtake Toyota as
the leader of the U.S. hybrid segment.

- Reuters

COMPUTERS          Dell's earnings drop amid PC sales slide

Dell's woes worsened during its most recent quarter as the slumping personal
computer maker resorted to rampant price cutting to slow a sales decline driven
by a growing reliance on smartphones and tablets to connect to the Internet and
perform other technological tasks.

The discounting contributed to a 72 percent drop in Dell's fiscal second-quarter
earnings.

The disheartening results announced Thursday could help Dell's board persuade
more of the company's stockholders that they're better off accepting a buyout
offer from a group led by chief executive Michael Dell rather than risk further
financial deterioration in the months ahead.

After Dell's report came out, ISI Group analyst Brian Marshall advised
shareholders to "take the money and run" in a research note that referred to a
1976 song by the Steve Miller Band.

Shareholders are scheduled to vote on Michael Dell's $24.8 billion bid Sept. 12.

The proposal faces fierce resistance from two major Dell stockholders,
billionaire Carl Icahn and investment fund Southeastern Asset Management, who
contend that the Round Rock, Tex., company is worth more than the $13.88 per
share being offered by Michael Dell and his main ally, Silver Lake Partners.

- Associated Press

ALSO IN BUSINESS

l  Federal investigatorsfound no initial evidence that a UPS cargo jet suffered
engine failure or was burning before it clipped trees at the end of a runway and
slammed into a hillside, killing the two crew members on board, officials said.
UPS on Thursday night identified the victims as Capt. Cerea Beal, Jr., 58, of
Matthews, N.C., and First Officer Shanda Fleming, 37, of Lynchburg, Tenn. In an
e-mail, the company said the Jefferson County, Ala., medical examiner had
confirmed their identities. Robert Sumwalt, a member of the National
Transportation Safety Board, said investigators hope to get additional evidence
from data and voice recorders that were pulled from the plane's burned-out tail
section earlier in the day.

l  Average rateson U.S. long-term fixed mortgages remained steady for a second
straight week. Mortgage buyer Freddie Mac said Thursday that the average on the
30-year loan remained unchanged at 4.4 percent. That is a full percentage point
higher than in early May, when rates neared record lows. Still, rates remain low
by historical standards. The average on the 15-year fixed loan edged up to 3.44
percent from 3.43 percent.

l  The Cayman Islands said it has reached an agreement with the United States to
provide information on accounts held by American citizens to comply with a
sweeping U.S. law designed to combat tax evasion. The British Caribbean
territory, considered the world's sixth-largest financial center and a major
haven for mutual funds and private equity, said the texts of the new pacts will
be made public once an official signing ceremony is held.

l  Former press baron Conrad Blackis banned from acting as a director of a U.S.
company and must pay $4.1 million in restitution in a settlement with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. The settlement ends a long-standing lawsuit
over Black's dealings as the head of the Hollinger media empire. The final
judgment by the SEC, announced Thursday, followed Black's appeal of an October
2012 judgment that ordered him to pay $6.1 million. He was released from U.S.
prison more than a year ago after serving a sentence for fraud and obstruction
of justice.

- From news services

Coming Today

l  8:30 a.m.:Housing starts for July and second-quarter productivity data
released.

EMPLOYMENT

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 16, 2013 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Ford to lower mileage rating on C-Max hybrid; Dell earnings fall

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 805 words

AUTOS

Ford will cut estimate of C-Max's mileage

Ford will lower the advertised fuel-economy ratings on its C-Max hybrid by up to
seven miles per gallon, the company said Thursday, following complaints from
consumers and industry experts that the model's actual mileage fell short of
claims.

Because discrepancies between advertised mileage ratings and real-world mileage
affect a number of manufacturers, especially of hybrid gasoline-electric
vehicles, the Environmental Protection Agency said Thursday that it plans to
update its labeling regulations.

The EPA said the 2013 Ford C-Max would be relabeled under its new ratings system
to reflect estimated fuel economy of 40 miles per gallon on the highway, 45 mpg
in the city and 43 mpg combined. Previously, the C-Max was rated at 47 mpg
highway, city and combined.

Ford said it will send checks to C-Max customers to make up the difference in
fuel costs - $550 to owners and $325 to lessees.

The EPA said it tested the C-Max after receiving consumer complaints that the
vehicle did not achieve the labeled mileage.

The move is a blow to the second-largest U.S. automaker, which has touted its
superior fuel efficiency and has been vocal in its desire to overtake Toyota as
the leader of the U.S. hybrid segment.

- Reuters

COMPUTERS

Dell's earnings drop amid PC sales slide

Dell's woes worsened during its most recent quarter as the slumping personal
computer maker resorted to rampant price cutting to slow a sales decline driven
by a growing reliance on smartphones and tablets to connect to the Internet and
perform other technological tasks.

The discounting contributed to a 72 percent drop in Dell's fiscal second-quarter
earnings.

The disheartening results announced Thursday could help Dell's board persuade
more of the company's stockholders that they're better off accepting a buyout
offer from a group led by chief executive Michael Dell rather than risk further
financial deterioration in the months ahead.

After Dell's report came out, ISI Group analyst Brian Marshall advised
shareholders to "take the money and run" in a research note that referred to a
1976 song by the Steve Miller Band.

Shareholders are scheduled to vote on Michael Dell's $24.8 billion bid Sept. 12.

The proposal faces fierce resistance from two major Dell stockholders,
billionaire Carl Icahn and investment fund Southeastern Asset Management, who
contend that the Round Rock, Tex., company is worth more than the $13.88 per
share being offered by Michael Dell and his main ally, Silver Lake Partners.

- Associated Press

ALSO IN BUSINESS

lFederal investigators found no initial evidence that a UPS cargo jet suffered
engine failure or was burning before it clipped trees at the end of a runway and
slammed into a hillside, killing the two crew members on board, officials said.
UPS on Thursday night identified the victims as Capt. Cerea Beal, Jr., 58, of
Matthews, N.C., and First Officer Shanda Fleming, 37, of Lynchburg, Tenn. In an
e-mail, the company said the Jefferson County, Ala., medical examiner had
confirmed their identities. Robert Sumwalt, a member of the National
Transportation Safety Board, said investigators hope to get additional evidence
from data and voice recorders that were pulled from the plane's burned-out tail
section earlier in the day.

lAverage rates on U.S. long-term fixed mortgages remained steady for a second
straight week. Mortgage buyer Freddie Mac said Thursday that the average on the
30-year loan remained unchanged at 4.4 percent. That is a full percentage point
higher than in early May, when rates neared record lows. Still, rates remain low
by historical standards. The average on the 15-year fixed loan edged up to 3.44
percent from 3.43 percent.

lThe Cayman Islands said it has reached an agreement with the United States to
provide information on accounts held by American citizens to comply with a
sweeping U.S. law designed to combat tax evasion. The British Caribbean
territory, considered the world's sixth-largest financial center and a major
haven for mutual funds and private equity, said the texts of the new pacts will
be made public once an official signing ceremony is held.

lFormer press baron Conrad Black is banned from acting as a director of a U.S.
company and must pay $4.1 million in restitution in a settlement with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. The settlement ends a long-standing lawsuit
over Black's dealings as the head of the Hollinger media empire. The final
judgment by the SEC, announced Thursday, followed Black's appeal of an October
2012 judgment that ordered him to pay $6.1 million. He was released from U.S.
prison more than a year ago after serving a sentence for fraud and obstruction
of justice.

- From news services

Coming Today

l8:30 a.m.: Housing starts for July and second-quarter productivity data
released.

EMPLOYMENT

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                             Washington Post Blogs
                                  In the Loop

                       August 2, 2013 Friday 5:56 PM EST

Pritzker's new team at Commerce takes shape;
New Commerce secretary putting together her top staff

BYLINE: Al Kamen

LENGTH: 149 words


Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker is putting together her front office team,
which looks to be a combination of veteran Washington hands and  newcomers.

Kate McAdams, who was executive director of the Pritzker Traubert Family
Foundation and before that worked on policy teams for former Chicago Mayor
Richard Daley, is coming in to be Pritzker's senior adviser.

Jim Hock, a veteran D.C. business and public affairs strategist - co-founder of
463 Communications -  and before that a press secretary and spokesman for Sen.
Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), will be a senior adviser and director of public
affairs.

Bruce Andrews, former general counsel on the Senate Committee on Commerce,
Science and Transportation and before that vice president for government
relations for the Ford Motor Company and also at lobbying shop Quinn Gillespie,
is staying on as Commerce chief of staff.

al.kamen@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        July 14, 2013 Sunday 8:13 PM EST

First Ford chief from outside founder's family

BYLINE: Bill Koenig;- Bloomberg News

SECTION: Metro; Pg. C08

LENGTH: 808 words


Philip Caldwell, Ford Motor Co.'s first chief executive who wasn't a member of
the founder's family and who gambled the automaker's future on the Taurus sedan
in the 1980s, died July 10 at his home in New Canaan, Conn. He was 93.

The cause was complications from a stroke, his family said.

Mr. Caldwell followed in the footsteps of more famous executives. He became
president of Ford in 1978 after Henry Ford II fired Lee Iacocca. "Hank the
Deuce," grandson of founder Henry Ford, then chose Mr. Caldwell as his
successor, first as chief executive in 1979 and as chairman the following year.
His close relationship with Henry Ford II earned Mr. Caldwell the nickname "the
Prince" inside the company.

He was "remarkably cool and resolute in a crisis," wrote Paul Ingrassia and
Joseph B. White in their 1994 book, "Comeback: The Fall & Rise of the American
Automobile Industry." He "had enormous analytical skills and the determination
to examine any problem from every conceivable angle," they wrote.

As president and then chief executive, Mr. Caldwell presided over a turnaround.
Ford endured almost $3.3 billion of losses during two U.S. recessions from 1980
through 1982, as well as questions over the design and safety of its Pinto
model.

During his rise within the company, Mr. Caldwell had impressed his bosses by
helping introduce the popular Fiesta. On his watch as chief executive, Ford
invested $3 billion on the aerodynamic Taurus, which became the best-selling car
in the United States.

Mr. Caldwell unveiled the sedan in January 1985, just before he retired and was
replaced as chief executive by Donald Petersen. The vehicle went on sale later
that year as a 1986 model.

"Caldwell couldn't stomach the thought of Petersen getting credit for the
Taurus, a car developed mostly on Caldwell's watch," Ingrassia and White wrote.
Ford previewed the car on Jan. 29, 1985, at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios in
California with activities that included a dinner attended by celebrities Danny
Thomas, Ethel Merman and Lynda Carter, according to the book.

Mr. Caldwell remained on Ford's board until 1990. Upon the 1987 death of Henry
Ford II, Mr. Caldwell, on behalf of the board, pressed 30-year-old William Clay
Ford Jr., known as Bill, on whether he wanted to become custodian of his
family's interests and eventually lead the company that his great-grandfather
started.

"Whether Bill had thought about it, whether he really wanted to be a serious
player - that was something we wanted to know," Mr. Caldwell said in a 2002
interview with Bloomberg Markets Magazine. Bill Ford served as chief executive
from late 2001 until September 2006, when he became executive chairman.

Philip Caldwell was born Jan. 27, 1920, in Bourneville, Ohio. He graduated in
1940 from what is now Muskingum University in New Concord, Ohio, where he
majored in economics and debated on a championship-winning team. He received an
MBA from Harvard Business School in 1942, served on the staff of U.S. Adm.
Chester Nimitz during World War II and joined Ford in 1953.

After working jobs in purchasing, engineering and manufacturing, he was named a
manager in Ford's truck product planning division in 1960 and general manager of
truck operations in 1968, when he was also elected a vice president.

He was assigned to Ford's Philco car-radio unit in Philadelphia and in 1973
became chief of Ford's international operations. Among his achievements was the
creation of the Fiesta, Ford's first small car in Europe, in 1976.

A reorganization in April 1977 that elevated Mr. Caldwell to vice chairman
intensified the feud between Iacocca, who remained president, and Henry Ford II.

"It was ridiculous that Caldwell, who used to work for me, was suddenly above me
for no apparent reason except malice," Iacocca wrote in his 1984 memoir.

Fourteen months later, in June 1978, Ford named his younger brother, William
Clay Ford Sr., as chairman of the executive committee. Mr. Caldwell became
deputy chief executive officer, with Iacocca reporting to him. The tense
arrangement lasted a few weeks, until Iacocca departed. Mr. Caldwell then became
president, succeeding Iacocca, who a few months later took charge at Chrysler.

The problems Mr. Caldwell inherited, the New York Times reported in November
1978, included the recall of 1.5 million pre-1977 Pinto subcompact sedans after
court decisions ordered the firm to pay damages forgasoline-tank fires caused by
rear-end collisions. That didn't stop Ford's new president from talking up the
company's future.

"As strange as it may sound to you, all the data we have show that the quality
of our products today is better than any of the other domestic producers," Mr.
Caldwell told the Times.

Survivors include his wife, the former Betsey Clark; three children; six
grandchildren; and five great-grandchildren.

- Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 14, 2013 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

First Ford chief from outside founder's family

BYLINE: Bill Koenig;- Bloomberg News

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C08

LENGTH: 804 words


Philip Caldwell, Ford Motor Co.'s first chief executive who wasn't a member of
the founder's family and who gambled the automaker's future on the Taurus sedan
in the 1980s, died July 10 at his home in New Canaan, Conn. He was 93.

The cause was complications from a stroke, his family said.

Mr. Caldwell followed in the footsteps of more famous executives. He became
president of Ford in 1978 after Henry Ford II fired Lee Iacocca. "Hank the
Deuce," grandson of founder Henry Ford, then chose Mr. Caldwell as his
successor, first as chief executive in 1979 and as chairman the following year.
His close relationship with Henry Ford II earned Mr. Caldwell the nickname "the
Prince" inside the company.

He was "remarkably cool and resolute in a crisis," wrote Paul Ingrassia and
Joseph B. White in their 1994 book, "Comeback: The Fall & Rise of the American
Automobile Industry." He "had enormous analytical skills and the determination
to examine any problem from every conceivable angle," they wrote.

As president and then chief executive, Mr. Caldwell presided over a turnaround.
Ford endured almost $3.3 billion of losses during two U.S. recessions from 1980
through 1982, as well as questions over the design and safety of its Pinto
model.

During his rise within the company, Mr. Caldwell had impressed his bosses by
helping introduce the popular Fiesta. On his watch as chief executive, Ford
invested $3 billion on the aerodynamic Taurus, which became the best-selling car
in the United States.

Mr. Caldwell unveiled the sedan in January 1985, just before he retired and was
replaced as chief executive by Donald Petersen. The vehicle went on sale later
that year as a 1986 model.

"Caldwell couldn't stomach the thought of Petersen getting credit for the
Taurus, a car developed mostly on Caldwell's watch," Ingrassia and White wrote.
Ford previewed the car on Jan. 29, 1985, at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios in
California with activities that included a dinner attended by celebrities Danny
Thomas, Ethel Merman and Lynda Carter, according to the book.

Mr. Caldwell remained on Ford's board until 1990. Upon the 1987 death of Henry
Ford II, Mr. Caldwell, on behalf of the board, pressed 30-year-old William Clay
Ford Jr., known as Bill, on whether he wanted to become custodian of his
family's interests and eventually lead the company that his great-grandfather
started.

"Whether Bill had thought about it, whether he really wanted to be a serious
player - that was something we wanted to know," Mr. Caldwell said in a 2002
interview with Bloomberg Markets Magazine. Bill Ford served as chief executive
from late 2001 until September 2006, when he became executive chairman.

Philip Caldwell was born Jan. 27, 1920, in Bourneville, Ohio. He graduated in
1940 from what is now Muskingum University in New Concord, Ohio, where he
majored in economics and debated on a championship-winning team. He received an
MBA from Harvard Business School in 1942, served on the staff of U.S. Adm.
Chester Nimitz during World War II and joined Ford in 1953.

After working jobs in purchasing, engineering and manufacturing, he was named a
manager in Ford's truck product planning division in 1960 and general manager of
truck operations in 1968, when he was also elected a vice president.

He was assigned to Ford's Philco car-radio unit in Philadelphia and in 1973
became chief of Ford's international operations. Among his achievements was the
creation of the Fiesta, Ford's first small car in Europe, in 1976.

A reorganization in April 1977 that elevated Mr. Caldwell to vice chairman
intensified the feud between Iacocca, who remained president, and Henry Ford II.

"It was ridiculous that Caldwell, who used to work for me, was suddenly above me
for no apparent reason except malice," Iacocca wrote in his 1984 memoir.

Fourteen months later, in June 1978, Ford named his younger brother, William
Clay Ford Sr., as chairman of the executive committee. Mr. Caldwell became
deputy chief executive officer, with Iacocca reporting to him. The tense
arrangement lasted a few weeks, until Iacocca departed. Mr. Caldwell then became
president, succeeding Iacocca, who a few months later took charge at Chrysler.

The problems Mr. Caldwell inherited, the New York Times reported in November
1978, included the recall of 1.5 million pre-1977 Pinto subcompact sedans after
court decisions ordered the firm to pay damages forgasoline-tank fires caused by
rear-end collisions. That didn't stop Ford's new president from talking up the
company's future.

"As strange as it may sound to you, all the data we have show that the quality
of our products today is better than any of the other domestic producers," Mr.
Caldwell told the Times.

Survivors include his wife, the former Betsey Clark; three children; six
grandchildren; and five great-grandchildren.

- Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        July 7, 2013 Sunday 8:13 PM EST

Stocks climb back past Fed concerns

SECTION: ; Pg. G06

LENGTH: 269 words


U.S. stocks rose for the week, giving the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index its
second weekly advance, as better-than-estimated economic data tempered concern
over a possible scaling back of Fed stimulus.

Auto companies and retailers rallied amid investor optimism over sales gains.
Ford Motor and General Motors climbed more than 4 percent. U.S. regional banks
rose as analysts said the group would benefit from the latest round of global
standards. Homebuilders slumped as higher Treasury yields fueled concern over
rising interest rates.

The S&P 500 added 1.6 percent to 1631.89 over four sessions in the
holiday-shortened week. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 226.24 points, or
1.5 percent, to 15,135.84. U.S. markets were closed for Independence Day.

"Some investors have been worried that the tapering would have a harmful effect,
but if the real economy continues to show decent improvement, those concerns
will be mitigated," said Tanweer Akram, an economist with ING U.S. Investment
Management.

Stimulus from the Fed has helped send the S&P 500 up 141 percent from its
bear-market low in 2009, including a 14 percent rally this year. The index has
slipped 2.2 percent from its last record on May 21 after Fed Chairman Ben S.
Bernanke said the central bank could begin to reduce bond purchases should the
jobs market show sustainable growth.

The Treasury will sell $30 billion in three-month bills and $25 billion in
six-month bills Monday. They yielded 0.035 percent and 0.071 percent in
when-issued trading. The U.S. will also sell four-week bills and $32 billion in
three-year notes Tuesday.

- Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 7, 2013 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Stocks climb back past Fed concerns

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G06

LENGTH: 269 words


U.S. stocks rose for the week, giving the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index its
second weekly advance, as better-than-estimated economic data tempered concern
over a possible scaling back of Fed stimulus.

Auto companies and retailers rallied amid investor optimism over sales gains.
Ford Motor and General Motors climbed more than 4 percent. U.S. regional banks
rose as analysts said the group would benefit from the latest round of global
standards. Homebuilders slumped as higher Treasury yields fueled concern over
rising interest rates.

The S&P 500 added 1.6 percent to 1631.89 over four sessions in the
holiday-shortened week. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 226.24 points, or
1.5 percent, to 15,135.84. U.S. markets were closed for Independence Day.

"Some investors have been worried that the tapering would have a harmful effect,
but if the real economy continues to show decent improvement, those concerns
will be mitigated," said Tanweer Akram, an economist with ING U.S. Investment
Management.

Stimulus from the Fed has helped send the S&P 500 up 141 percent from its
bear-market low in 2009, including a 14 percent rally this year. The index has
slipped 2.2 percent from its last record on May 21 after Fed Chairman Ben S.
Bernanke said the central bank could begin to reduce bond purchases should the
jobs market show sustainable growth.

The Treasury will sell $30 billion in three-month bills and $25 billion in
six-month bills Monday. They yielded 0.035 percent and 0.071 percent in
when-issued trading. The U.S. will also sell four-week bills and $32 billion in
three-year notes Tuesday.

- Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        June 30, 2013 Sunday 8:13 PM EST

The promise of immigration

BYLINE: ;Reid Hoffman

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 751 words


Immigration is pure entrepreneurship. You leave behind everything familiar to
start somewhere new. To succeed, you need to develop alliances. You must acquire
skills. You will have to improvise on occasion. It's a bold proposition.

Immigration is also fundamental to the U.S. national identity - as the Senate
just acknowledged with passage of the most significant reform bill in decades.
Our nation's founders, determined to live in new ways, left behind old
philosophies, old laws and old customs. The United States was conceived as a
crucible for new beginnings.

Immigration has benefited the United States immensely. Because of our reputation
as the country most receptive to ambitious upstarts willing to risk everything
for a better life, we have attracted the world's hardest-working, most
innovative dreamers.

A hundred years ago, for example, two Hungarian immigrants, Eugene Farkas and
Joseph Galamb, helped design the Ford Motor Co.'s paradigm-shifting automobile,
the Model T. In our own era, German immigrant Sebastian Thrun has helped steer
transportation into the 21st century with his work on Google's self-driving-car
project.

Identities don't just happen. They are consciously crafted. Indeed, if our
forefathers had wanted to be known as the Land of the Secure and Protectionist,
they would have erected a giant sculpture of a barrier in New York Harbor.
Instead, they went with the Roman goddess of freedom who, with her 30-foot
torch, has served as an icon of American enlightenment for more than 100 years.

The Statue of Liberty is one of this country's best-known symbols precisely
because it embodies values and ideals fundamental to our national identity:
America, land of the fresh start. America, teeming with opportunities, open to
all. America, a land of innovation and progress, where we don't just tolerate
new philosophies, new technologies, new ventures and new citizens, but we
welcome them.

The United States welcomes immigrants, and all of its citizens benefit from
their arrival.

Multiple studies have confirmed that immigrants are more likely to start
businesses than native-born Americans. In fact, according to the Partnership for
a New American Economy, as of 2011, 42 percent of U.S.-based companies on the
Fortune 500 list, accounting for a total of more than 10 million jobs worldwide,
were started by U.S. immigrants or their children. Between 1990 and 2005, 25
percent of our highest-growth companies were founded by foreign-born
entrepreneurs. That growth means more jobs and a more robust economy for all of
us.

And that's not a new phenomenon. Historically, the U.S. identity as a nation of
immigrants has been one of our best competitive advantages. Now that the Senate
has acted on reform, the country has an opportunity to build on this strength.

That's why so many in Silicon Valley, including our crew of founders at FWD.us,
urge the House of Representatives to affirm this forward-thinking vision for our
country. The immigration bill reflects an aspect of American identity that we
instinctively recognize as true and essential. Sure, our technology industry
needs more high-skilled technical talent, but at FWD.us, our support of
immigration reform is rooted in something deeper. As history's most successful
start-up, the United States is a land of new beginnings, risk-taking and
commitment to progress for all immigrants. Only comprehensive reform makes good
on the promise inherent in our national identity.

The legislation before Congress features important provisions for ensuring the
security of our borders. It establishes a process by which the 11 million
unauthorized immigrants already here can pursue citizenship over time and thus
participate more productively in American life. It will increase our capacity to
utilize new workers with a wide range of skills. And these workers will infuse
the U.S. economy with energy and innovation, just as immigrants determined to
put dreams into action have always done here.

The Statue of Liberty emphatically embodies our national identity of openness
and entrepreneurial boldness. Our immigration laws and policies should do the
same - promoting access and, through that access, producing opportunity, justice
and prosperity for all.

Reid Hoffman is co-founder and chairman of LinkedIn, a partner at the venture
capital firm Greylock and co-founder of FWD.us, an advocacy group created by
leaders in the technology community that promotes policies to keep the United
States competitive in a global economy.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 30, 2013 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

The promise of immigration

BYLINE: ;Reid Hoffman

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 751 words


Immigration is pure entrepreneurship. You leave behind everything familiar to
start somewhere new. To succeed, you need to develop alliances. You must acquire
skills. You will have to improvise on occasion. It's a bold proposition.

Immigration is also fundamental to the U.S. national identity - as the Senate
just acknowledged with passage of the most significant reform bill in decades.
Our nation's founders, determined to live in new ways, left behind old
philosophies, old laws and old customs. The United States was conceived as a
crucible for new beginnings.

Immigration has benefited the United States immensely. Because of our reputation
as the country most receptive to ambitious upstarts willing to risk everything
for a better life, we have attracted the world's hardest-working, most
innovative dreamers.

A hundred years ago, for example, two Hungarian immigrants, Eugene Farkas and
Joseph Galamb, helped design the Ford Motor Co.'s paradigm-shifting automobile,
the Model T. In our own era, German immigrant Sebastian Thrun has helped steer
transportation into the 21st century with his work on Google's self-driving-car
project.

Identities don't just happen. They are consciously crafted. Indeed, if our
forefathers had wanted to be known as the Land of the Secure and Protectionist,
they would have erected a giant sculpture of a barrier in New York Harbor.
Instead, they went with the Roman goddess of freedom who, with her 30-foot
torch, has served as an icon of American enlightenment for more than 100 years.

The Statue of Liberty is one of this country's best-known symbols precisely
because it embodies values and ideals fundamental to our national identity:
America, land of the fresh start. America, teeming with opportunities, open to
all. America, a land of innovation and progress, where we don't just tolerate
new philosophies, new technologies, new ventures and new citizens, but we
welcome them.

The United States welcomes immigrants, and all of its citizens benefit from
their arrival.

Multiple studies have confirmed that immigrants are more likely to start
businesses than native-born Americans. In fact, according to the Partnership for
a New American Economy, as of 2011, 42 percent of U.S.-based companies on the
Fortune 500 list, accounting for a total of more than 10 million jobs worldwide,
were started by U.S. immigrants or their children. Between 1990 and 2005, 25
percent of our highest-growth companies were founded by foreign-born
entrepreneurs. That growth means more jobs and a more robust economy for all of
us.

And that's not a new phenomenon. Historically, the U.S. identity as a nation of
immigrants has been one of our best competitive advantages. Now that the Senate
has acted on reform, the country has an opportunity to build on this strength.

That's why so many in Silicon Valley, including our crew of founders at FWD.us,
urge the House of Representatives to affirm this forward-thinking vision for our
country. The immigration bill reflects an aspect of American identity that we
instinctively recognize as true and essential. Sure, our technology industry
needs more high-skilled technical talent, but at FWD.us, our support of
immigration reform is rooted in something deeper. As history's most successful
start-up, the United States is a land of new beginnings, risk-taking and
commitment to progress for all immigrants. Only comprehensive reform makes good
on the promise inherent in our national identity.

The legislation before Congress features important provisions for ensuring the
security of our borders. It establishes a process by which the 11 million
unauthorized immigrants already here can pursue citizenship over time and thus
participate more productively in American life. It will increase our capacity to
utilize new workers with a wide range of skills. And these workers will infuse
the U.S. economy with energy and innovation, just as immigrants determined to
put dreams into action have always done here.

The Statue of Liberty emphatically embodies our national identity of openness
and entrepreneurial boldness. Our immigration laws and policies should do the
same - promoting access and, through that access, producing opportunity, justice
and prosperity for all.

Reid Hoffman is co-founder and chairman of LinkedIn, a partner at the venture
capital firm Greylock and co-founder of FWD.us, an advocacy group created by
leaders in the technology community that promotes policies to keep the United
States competitive in a global economy.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                             Washington Post Blogs
                                 Election 2012

                       June 28, 2013 Friday 11:52 PM EST

Why did Mitt Romney trade in his Mustang convertible for a cargo van?

BYLINE: Philip Rucker

LENGTH: 329 words


Mitt Romney is following in his dad's footsteps once again.

The 2012 Republican presidential nominee recently popped into a Ford dealership
in New Hampshire to trade in his Mustang convertible for   wait for it   a
15-passenger cargo van.

You might be thinking, midlife crisis in reverse. But there's a likely reason
Romney   grandfather to 20 and counting   bought a Ford Econoline van.

Romney's late father, George, the former Michigan governor and 1968 presidential
candidate, also had an Econoline. In the summer, George would pack the van with
grandchildren and spend 30 days straight driving from national park to national
park   all to introduce his offspring to the natural beauty of America. George
also took Mitt on a similar trip when he was a young boy, something Mitt talked
about in 2011 as he campaigned for the GOP presidential nomination.

"As we went from park to park and we saw the beauty of the land, I knew he
wasn't just teaching my kids and me about the beauty of America   the majesty of
our mountains, the power of our rivers and lakes and canyons and so forth. He
was also teaching us about the character of the men and women of this country,"
Romney said at a town hall meeting in Keene, N.H., in August 2011.

In his stump speeches that summer in New Hampshire, Romney told the story to
instill in voters' minds his love of country. And he also read from an uplifting
poem, written by Samuel Walter Foss, a 19th-century poet from New Hampshire,
published in Irving Stone's "Men to Match My Mountains."

"Bring me men to match my mountains, bring me men to match my plains; men with
empires in their purpose and new eras in their brains," Romney said, reciting
the poem.

At that town hall meeting in Keene, Romney said he and his wife, Ann, had been
reminiscing about George's cross-country trips in the Econoline.

"I asked Ann, I said, 'Do you think we'll do the same thing when our grandkids
reach those ages?' " Romney said.

It seems we now know the answer.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        June 24, 2013 Monday 8:13 PM EST

New app available by prescription only

BYLINE: Mohana Ravindranath

SECTION: ; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 724 words


The pharmacy as an app store?

That's a reality now after the Food and Drug Administration cleared WellDoc, a
100-person health care technology firm based in Baltimore, to sell a
prescription-only smartphone app for diabetes patients.

Not only that, but a few major national employers - including Ford Motor Co. and
RiteAid - have already agreed to reimburse employees who use the app through
their prescription benefit plans. Patients will take the physician's
prescription to a pharmacist, who adjudicates the claim and notifies WellDoc.
WellDoc then dispatches a staffer to meet with the patient to install the app
and offer training.

The app, called BlueStar, provides real-time suggestions to patients with type 2
diabetes about how to maintain their glucose levels - what to eat or when - and
when they should test their glucose levels. Available on a smartphone, tablet or
computer, it periodically sends patient data to their physician via an automatic
e-mail or fax.

A few times a day, patients input as much or as little information as they
choose about their medication, glucose level and food consumption.

"They might come in and say, 'My glucose level is 70 [miligrams per deciliter of
blood], and I'm about to eat 30 grams of carbs. I'm at a restaurant, and I'm
feeling tired today,' " said Chris Bergstrom, the company's chief strategy
officer.

The app might then suggest the patient eat a certain amount of carbs before
testing glucose again in a certain number of minutes, and might send a
suggestion to the patient's physician about adjusting medication levels.

Relative to other diseases, type 2 diabetes is "fairly dynamic and changes
throughout the patient's journey," Bergstrom explained, so it's common for
patients' medication regimens to change, requiring more frequent monitoring of a
treatment's efficacy. The app "really just off-loads that analysis that a doctor
might otherwise have to do" at the beginning of a patient's visit.

Because the app makes medical suggestions to doctors - though never directly to
patients, Bergstrom emphasized - it falls under FDA purview.

The FDA's regulations on mobile apps are evolving. According to a draft guidance
issued in 2011, the administration regulates apps which "input patient-specific
information and -  using formulae or processing algorithms - output a
patient-specific result, diagnosis, or treatment recommendation to be used in
clinical practice or to assist in making clinical decisions."

It can be challenging to develop policies which protect public health while
promoting innovation, said Bakul Patel, a senior adviser for the FDA's Center
for Devices and Radiological Health.

"There are many advantages to mobile medical applications, and they can
contribute to healthier lifestyles and better medical care. But, as with any
medical device, they carry a certain amount of risk, and FDA's job is to assure
the safety and effectiveness of medical devices," he wrote in an e-mail.

The cost of FDA compliance adds million of dollars to his company's costs each
year, Bergstrom said. This includes adding more processes to handle employee
training, product development, operations and marketing as a result of
maintaining FDA quality standards. These costs are in addition to FDA filing
fees, legal fees and the full-time quality assurance staff WellDoc hired.

But what was more difficult than FDA compliance, Bergstrom said, was securing
patient reimbursement for BlueStar. After gaining FDA approval, WellDoc staff
established a licensed relationship with pharmacies all over the country, and
worked with individual pharmacy benefits managers at insurance companies to
accept the product. They also regularly peddle the solution to physicians.

"We go to a physician's office as a pharmaceutical company would. We describe to
the physician the new product ... We explain how it fits into generally helping
them in their practice, with cost, quality and satisfaction outcomes measures,
and how it helps the patient adhere to the physician's orders," Bergstrom said,
noting that ultimately, it's up to the physicians whether they want to prescribe
BlueStar.

The business is still new. Until it's profitable, "we're going to invest ahead
of revenue for a while to grow the company and get it deployed," Bergstrom said.

mohana.ravindranath@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 24, 2013 Monday
                                 Every Edition

New app available by prescription only

BYLINE: Mohana Ravindranath

SECTION: Pg. A10

LENGTH: 720 words


The pharmacy as an app store?

That's a reality now after the Food and Drug Administration cleared WellDoc, a
100-person health care technology firm based in Baltimore, to sell a
prescription-only smartphone app for diabetes patients.

Not only that, but a few major national employers - including Ford Motor Co. and
RiteAid - have already agreed to reimburse employees who use the app through
their prescription benefit plans. Patients will take the physician's
prescription to a pharmacist, who adjudicates the claim and notifies WellDoc.
WellDoc then dispatches a staffer to meet with the patient to install the app
and offer training.

The app, called BlueStar, provides real-time suggestions to patients with type 2
diabetes about how to maintain their glucose levels - what to eat or when - and
when they should test their glucose levels. Available on a smartphone, tablet or
computer, it periodically sends patient data to their physician via an automatic
e-mail or fax.

A few times a day, patients input as much or as little information as they
choose about their medication, glucose level and food consumption.

"They might come in and say, 'My glucose level is 70 [miligrams per deciliter of
blood], and I'm about to eat 30 grams of carbs. I'm at a restaurant, and I'm
feeling tired today,' " said Chris Bergstrom, the company's chief strategy
officer.

The app might then suggest the patient eat a certain amount of carbs before
testing glucose again in a certain number of minutes, and might send a
suggestion to the patient's physician about adjusting medication levels.

Relative to other diseases, type 2 diabetes is "fairly dynamic and changes
throughout the patient's journey," Bergstrom explained, so it's common for
patients' medication regimens to change, requiring more frequent monitoring of a
treatment's efficacy. The app "really just off-loads that analysis that a doctor
might otherwise have to do" at the beginning of a patient's visit.

Because the app makes medical suggestions to doctors - though never directly to
patients, Bergstrom emphasized - it falls under FDA purview.

The FDA's regulations on mobile apps are evolving. According to a draft guidance
issued in 2011, the administration regulates apps which "input patient-specific
information and -  using formulae or processing algorithms - output a
patient-specific result, diagnosis, or treatment recommendation to be used in
clinical practice or to assist in making clinical decisions."

It can be challenging to develop policies which protect public health while
promoting innovation, said Bakul Patel, a senior adviser for the FDA's Center
for Devices and Radiological Health.

"There are many advantages to mobile medical applications, and they can
contribute to healthier lifestyles and better medical care. But, as with any
medical device, they carry a certain amount of risk, and FDA's job is to assure
the safety and effectiveness of medical devices," he wrote in an e-mail.

The cost of FDA compliance adds million of dollars to his company's costs each
year, Bergstrom said. This includes adding more processes to handle employee
training, product development, operations and marketing as a result of
maintaining FDA quality standards. These costs are in addition to FDA filing
fees, legal fees and the full-time quality assurance staff WellDoc hired.

But what was more difficult than FDA compliance, Bergstrom said, was securing
patient reimbursement for BlueStar. After gaining FDA approval, WellDoc staff
established a licensed relationship with pharmacies all over the country, and
worked with individual pharmacy benefits managers at insurance companies to
accept the product. They also regularly peddle the solution to physicians.

"We go to a physician's office as a pharmaceutical company would. We describe to
the physician the new product ... We explain how it fits into generally helping
them in their practice, with cost, quality and satisfaction outcomes measures,
and how it helps the patient adhere to the physician's orders," Bergstrom said,
noting that ultimately, it's up to the physicians whether they want to prescribe
BlueStar.

The business is still new. Until it's profitable, "we're going to invest ahead
of revenue for a while to grow the company and get it deployed," Bergstrom said.

mohana.ravindranath@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                         May 6, 2013 Monday 8:13 PM EST

Joe Wang: Understanding the goal is important

SECTION: ; Pg. A29

LENGTH: 380 words


Position:Chief operations officer of ServicePower Technologies, a Reston company
that provides mobile field management technology.

Fresh out of college, Joe Wang and two friends opened a restaurant on the campus
of Ohio State University. Though the business plan looked great on paper, Wang
and his partners had a rude awakening during the summer when students were
scarce and revenue plummeted. After closing the business, Wang discovered a
passion for operations. He went to work for a restaurant chain and did field
management for Ford Motor Co. before moving to Best Buy to help the retailer
integrate acquisitions.

What does it take to be a successful in operations?

I'm a nerd. I would bore someone to death talking about process and the
different ways you can do things. I'm wired this way. I'll organize my
refrigerator to make sure you can see everything when you open it up.

Were you really neat and organized as a child?

No, I was the least organized. My dad was off-the-charts anal retentive.

But you learned process matters?

Because of my experience, I see how sometimes the goals you're given as an
employee in a big company don't make sense. The company will say, 'We need you
to deliver this.' The problem is, if you deliver that, it's like squeezing a
balloon. You'll deliver, but problems pop up somewhere else. I like to
understand, if I'm accountable to deliver this result, why? What am I
delivering? If there's another end game that's more important, then that should
be the goal. When you understand that, having a clear process is a way to
eliminate the noise in the system so you can get to the goal easier.

How have you evolved as a leader?

There was a time in my career where it was command-and-control. Just get it
done. At Ford, I had a lot of those attributes. Here's what I learned: I
remembered how passionate the folks who worked at my restaurant were. They knew
we were a start-up company and they were proud of that. We treated employees
like partners. A lot of companies forget to do that. If employees understand why
they're doing it, they might work harder. Let's spend some time so that everyone
understands what we're going after and why. Then the next question is: Are we
going after it the best way?

- Interview with Vanessa Small

smallv@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                         May 6, 2013 Monday 8:13 PM EST

'I eat, live and breathe operations'

SECTION: A section; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 629 words


There was no sausage or hot dog shop on Ohio State University's campus. So my
friends and I would joke about a name we would give such a restaurant if we ever
started one.

As we kept talking about it, we thought there was a huge marketing opportunity.
We actually started looking at real estate.

I remember we were standing inside a space that overlooked a busy street on
campus. We looked at each other and knew we had to decide if we were actually
going to do this.

The consensus?

If we don't, we are going to regret it for the rest of our lives.

So we opened a restaurant.

Nothing was stopping me. After all, I had just graduated from college during a
mini-recession in 1992 and had procrastinated on all the campus recruiting
interviews.

As luck would have it, starting the restaurant would turn out to be one of the
most important moments in my career.

It didn't take long for my two business partners and I to see the difference
between academia and reality. We didn't know anything. We didn't know about
inventory control, so we burned through a lot more inventory than we should
have.

And then summer came. The campus went from 60,000 students throughout the year
to about 10,000 during the summer. Revenue declined significantly.

After two years, we closed.

But the experience gave birth to my passion for operations.

I wanted to know what we did right and wrong. So I joined a restaurant chain. I
worked in various manager positions, ultimately running a restaurant. I learned
the whole process of a supply chain. I'm an operations nerd. To this day, I eat,
live and breathe operations. I'm constantly asking: How do you drive innovative
processes? How do you simplify things to do more with less?

After I learned what I needed from the restaurant business, I made a list of
companies I would love to work for. Ford Motor Co. was on that list, and it just
so happened they were hiring. I started in their customer assistance center and
learned how painful it is when products do not operate the way they are supposed
to. Then I worked every field role that Ford had on the services side, including
interacting with the dealerships and owner-operators.

Eventually I moved to Best Buy, where I ran post-merger integration. My work
centered on finding efficiencies and synergies and maximizing our utilization of
resources.

I am fluent in Chinese, so as a director I helped Best Buy enter into China and
later back out of China. That's when I was asked to take on a role to oversee
infrastructure services. My job was to integrate it and make sure we could
deliver the right experience to the customer.

In the process of doing that, Best Buy needed new systems. I initiated a request
for a bunch of software businesses to bid on our business. ServicePower
Technologies was identified, and it had one of the best field management
software platforms I had seen.

I believe I can help it become the standard platform for anyone who manages
on-site workforces.

I never would have thought my career path would have led in this direction. I
just followed what I was passionate about. When you're passionate about
something, the path brings a life of its own.- Interview with Vanessa Small

Joe Wang

Position: U.S. chief operations officer of ServicePower Technologies, a Reston
company that provides a mobile field management platform.

Career highlights: Senior director of channel strategy, Best Buy; senior
director of services fulfillment, Best Buy; director of emerging businesses and
integration, Best Buy; district manager of sales and marketing, Ford Motor Co.

Age: 43

Education: BS in psychology and BA in Chinese, Ohio State University.

Personal: Will be relocating to the Washington region with his wife, Lisa, and
three daughters, Shelby, Olivia and Jaida.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                               May 6, 2013 Monday
                                Regional Edition

'I eat, live and breathe operations'

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 623 words


There was no sausage or hot dog shop on Ohio State University's campus. So my
friends and I would joke about a name we would give such a restaurant if we ever
started one.

As we kept talking about it, we thought there was a huge marketing opportunity.
We actually started looking at real estate.

I remember we were standing inside a space that overlooked a busy street on
campus. We looked at each other and knew we had to decide if we were actually
going to do this.

The consensus?

If we don't, we are going to regret it for the rest of our lives.

So we opened a restaurant.

Nothing was stopping me. After all, I had just graduated from college during a
mini-recession in 1992 and had procrastinated on all the campus recruiting
interviews.

As luck would have it, starting the restaurant would turn out to be one of the
most important moments in my career.

It didn't take long for my two business partners and I to see the difference
between academia and reality. We didn't know anything. We didn't know about
inventory control, so we burned through a lot more inventory than we should
have.

And then summer came. The campus went from 60,000 students throughout the year
to about 10,000 during the summer. Revenue declined significantly.

After two years, we closed.

But the experience gave birth to my passion for operations.

I wanted to know what we did right and wrong. So I joined a restaurant chain. I
worked in various manager positions, ultimately running a restaurant. I learned
the whole process of a supply chain. I'm an operations nerd. To this day, I eat,
live and breathe operations. I'm constantly asking: How do you drive innovative
processes? How do you simplify things to do more with less?

After I learned what I needed from the restaurant business, I made a list of
companies I would love to work for. Ford Motor Co. was on that list, and it just
so happened they were hiring. I started in their customer assistance center and
learned how painful it is when products do not operate the way they are supposed
to. Then I worked every field role that Ford had on the services side, including
interacting with the dealerships and owner-operators.

Eventually I moved to Best Buy, where I ran post-merger integration. My work
centered on finding efficiencies and synergies and maximizing our utilization of
resources.

I am fluent in Chinese, so as a director I helped Best Buy enter into China and
later back out of China. That's when I was asked to take on a role to oversee
infrastructure services. My job was to integrate it and make sure we could
deliver the right experience to the customer.

In the process of doing that, Best Buy needed new systems. I initiated a request
for a bunch of software businesses to bid on our business. ServicePower
Technologies was identified, and it had one of the best field management
software platforms I had seen.

I believe I can help it become the standard platform for anyone who manages
on-site workforces.

I never would have thought my career path would have led in this direction. I
just followed what I was passionate about. When you're passionate about
something, the path brings a life of its own.- Interview with Vanessa Small

Joe Wang

Position: U.S. chief operations officer of ServicePower Technologies, a Reston
company that provides a mobile field management platform.

Career highlights: Senior director of channel strategy, Best Buy; senior
director of services fulfillment, Best Buy; director of emerging businesses and
integration, Best Buy; district manager of sales and marketing, Ford Motor Co.

Age: 43

Education: BS in psychology and BA in Chinese, Ohio State University.

Personal: Will be relocating to the Washington region with his wife, Lisa, and
three daughters, Shelby, Olivia and Jaida.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                               May 6, 2013 Monday
                                 Every Edition

Joe Wang: Understanding the goal is important

SECTION: Pg. A29

LENGTH: 380 words


Position: Chief operations officer of ServicePower Technologies, a Reston
company that provides mobile field management technology.

Fresh out of college, Joe Wang and two friends opened a restaurant on the campus
of Ohio State University. Though the business plan looked great on paper, Wang
and his partners had a rude awakening during the summer when students were
scarce and revenue plummeted. After closing the business, Wang discovered a
passion for operations. He went to work for a restaurant chain and did field
management for Ford Motor Co. before moving to Best Buy to help the retailer
integrate acquisitions.

What does it take to be a successful in operations?

I'm a nerd. I would bore someone to death talking about process and the
different ways you can do things. I'm wired this way. I'll organize my
refrigerator to make sure you can see everything when you open it up.

Were you really neat and organized as a child?

No, I was the least organized. My dad was off-the-charts anal retentive.

But you learned process matters?

Because of my experience, I see how sometimes the goals you're given as an
employee in a big company don't make sense. The company will say, 'We need you
to deliver this.' The problem is, if you deliver that, it's like squeezing a
balloon. You'll deliver, but problems pop up somewhere else. I like to
understand, if I'm accountable to deliver this result, why? What am I
delivering? If there's another end game that's more important, then that should
be the goal. When you understand that, having a clear process is a way to
eliminate the noise in the system so you can get to the goal easier.

How have you evolved as a leader?

There was a time in my career where it was command-and-control. Just get it
done. At Ford, I had a lot of those attributes. Here's what I learned: I
remembered how passionate the folks who worked at my restaurant were. They knew
we were a start-up company and they were proud of that. We treated employees
like partners. A lot of companies forget to do that. If employees understand why
they're doing it, they might work harder. Let's spend some time so that everyone
understands what we're going after and why. Then the next question is: Are we
going after it the best way?

- Interview with Vanessa Small

smallv@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                         May 3, 2013 Friday 8:13 PM EST

SECTION: A section; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 823 words


Economy          Trade deficit dropsas oil imports decline

The U.S. trade deficit narrowed in March for a second month as the daily flow of
imported crude oil dropped to the lowest level in 17 years. The deficit with
China hit a three-year low.

The overall trade deficit decreased to $38.8 billion, an 11 percent drop from
February's $43.6 billion, the Commerce Department reported Thursday.

Exports fell 0.9 percent to $184.3 billion as sales of machinery, autos and farm
products declined. Imports fell 2.8 percent to $223.1 billion, led by a 4.4
percent drop in foreign petroleum. Crude oil imports averaged just 7 million
barrels per day, the lowest since March 1996.

A smaller trade gap can boost overall economic growth as American companies earn
more from overseas sales while U.S. consumers and businesses spend less on
foreign products.

For the first three months of this year, the trade deficit is running at an
annual rate of $507.7 billion, 5.9 percent below last year's deficit of $539.5
billion. Economists expect the deficit to narrow slightly this year, in part
because they predict continued gains in U.S. exports.

Analysts said the lower-than-expected deficit in March will probably give a
slight boost to overall economic growth for the January-to-March quarter. The
government's first estimate put economic growth at 2.5 percent in the first
quarter, but some analysts said that could perhaps be revised up to 2.7 percent
because of the lower trade deficit in March.

- Associated Press

AUTOMOTIVE          GM's stock riseson positive earnings

General Motors  posted a stronger-than-expected quarterly profit as it kept a
tight grip on costs in its North American and European businesses.

GM shares rose 3.3 percent to close at $31.16, near their $33 initial public
offering price in the fall of 2010, and hit their highest point since July 2011.

The increase is welcome news for GM's largest shareholder, the U.S. Treasury,
which acquired its stake after a taxpayer-funded bailout. The Treasury, which
says it will sell its remaining position over the next year, gains almost $250
million for every $1 increase in GM's stock price.

GM's rival Ford Motor last week posted a stronger-than-expected first-quarter
profit on strength in North America, but its overall costs spiked as it
reinvested in its global lineup and shored up European operations.

- Reuters

Also in Business

l  The U.S. trade representative'soffice has pinned a badge of shame on Ukraine
for failing to protect U.S. copyrights, starting a process that could lead to
revocation of U.S. trade benefits for the country. The office designated Ukraine
a "foreign priority country."  No other country received the black mark.

l               Royal Dutch Shell, Europe's biggest oil company, reported a
surprise increase in first-quarter profit, and chief executive Peter Voser said
he will stand down next year to spend more time with his family. Profit,
excluding one-time items and inventory changes, rose 3 percent, to $7.5 billion,
from a year ago, The Hague-based Shell said.

l               Intel, the world's largest chipmaker,  is promoting Chief
Operating Officer Brian Krzanich to lead the company. Krzanich is faced with
steering Intel through an industry shake-up that is seeing tablets and
smartphones overshadow Intel's base in personal computers. Krzanich, 52, is to
replace chief executive Paul Otellini on May 16. Otellini, 62, announced his
resignation six months ago. He will end a nearly 40-year career with Intel,
including eight years as chief executive.

l  The average U.S. rateon 15-year fixed mortgages fell to a record low last
week, and the rate on the 30-year fixed loan declined. Cheaper mortgages have
encouraged more home buying and refinancing. Mortgage buyer Freddie Mac said
Thursday that the average rate for the 15-year fixed mortgage slipped to 2.56
percent. That's the lowest on records dating to 1991. It fell from 2.61 percent
last week, which was the previous record. The rate on the 30-year loan fell to
3.35 percent from 3.40 percent. That's near the average rate of 3.31 percent
reached in November, the lowest on records dating to 1971.

l               Apple avoided as much as $9.2 billion in taxes by financing part
of a $55 billion stock buyback with debt rather than offshore cash that would
have been billed by the U.S. government, Moody's Investment Services estimates.
Based on current rates, Apple will pay interest of about $308 million a year on
the $17 billion bond offering, Moody's said. In fiscal 2012, Apple paid $6
billion in federal corporate income taxes, which is one out of every $40 in
corporate income taxes, the company said.

- From news services

Coming Today

l  8:30 a.m.:Jobs report released.

l  Earnings:Duke Energy, Freddie Mac, Host Hotels, Orbitz, Pepco, The Washington
Post Co.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                               May 3, 2013 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 791 words

Economy

Trade deficit dropsas oil imports decline

The U.S. trade deficit narrowed in March for a second month as the daily flow of
imported crude oil dropped to the lowest level in 17 years. The deficit with
China hit a three-year low.

The overall trade deficit decreased to $38.8 billion, an 11 percent drop from
February's $43.6 billion, the Commerce Department reported Thursday.

Exports fell 0.9 percent to $184.3 billion as sales of machinery, autos and farm
products declined. Imports fell 2.8 percent to $223.1 billion, led by a 4.4
percent drop in foreign petroleum. Crude oil imports averaged just 7 million
barrels per day, the lowest since March 1996.

A smaller trade gap can boost overall economic growth as American companies earn
more from overseas sales while U.S. consumers and businesses spend less on
foreign products.

For the first three months of this year, the trade deficit is running at an
annual rate of $507.7 billion, 5.9 percent below last year's deficit of $539.5
billion. Economists expect the deficit to narrow slightly this year, in part
because they predict continued gains in U.S. exports.

Analysts said the lower-than-expected deficit in March will probably give a
slight boost to overall economic growth for the January-to-March quarter. The
government's first estimate put economic growth at 2.5 percent in the first
quarter, but some analysts said that could perhaps be revised up to 2.7 percent
because of the lower trade deficit in March.

- Associated Press

AUTOMOTIVE

GM's stock riseson positive earnings

 General Motors  posted a stronger-than-expected quarterly profit as it kept a
tight grip on costs in its North American and European businesses.

GM shares rose 3.3 percent to close at $31.16, near their $33 initial public
offering price in the fall of 2010, and hit their highest point since July 2011.

The increase is welcome news for GM's largest shareholder, the U.S. Treasury,
which acquired its stake after a taxpayer-funded bailout. The Treasury, which
says it will sell its remaining position over the next year, gains almost $250
million for every $1 increase in GM's stock price.

GM's rival Ford Motor last week posted a stronger-than-expected first-quarter
profit on strength in North America, but its overall costs spiked as it
reinvested in its global lineup and shored up European operations.

- Reuters

Also in Business

lThe U.S. trade representative's office has pinned a badge of shame on Ukraine
for failing to protect U.S. copyrights, starting a process that could lead to
revocation of U.S. trade benefits for the country. The office designated Ukraine
a "foreign priority country."  No other country received the black mark.

lRoyal Dutch Shell, Europe's biggest oil company, reported a surprise increase
in first-quarter profit, and chief executive Peter Voser said he will stand down
next year to spend more time with his family. Profit, excluding one-time items
and inventory changes, rose 3 percent, to $7.5 billion, from a year ago, The
Hague-based Shell said.

lIntel, the world's largest chipmaker,  is promoting Chief Operating Officer
Brian Krzanich to lead the company. Krzanich is faced with steering Intel
through an industry shake-up that is seeing tablets and smartphones overshadow
Intel's base in personal computers. Krzanich, 52, is to replace chief executive
Paul Otellini on May 16. Otellini, 62, announced his resignation six months ago.
He will end a nearly 40-year career with Intel, including eight years as chief
executive.

lThe average U.S. rate on 15-year fixed mortgages fell to a record low last
week, and the rate on the 30-year fixed loan declined. Cheaper mortgages have
encouraged more home buying and refinancing. Mortgage buyer Freddie Mac said
Thursday that the average rate for the 15-year fixed mortgage slipped to 2.56
percent. That's the lowest on records dating to 1991. It fell from 2.61 percent
last week, which was the previous record. The rate on the 30-year loan fell to
3.35 percent from 3.40 percent. That's near the average rate of 3.31 percent
reached in November, the lowest on records dating to 1971.

l Apple avoided as much as $9.2 billion in taxes by financing part of a $55
billion stock buyback with debt rather than offshore cash that would have been
billed by the U.S. government, Moody's Investment Services estimates. Based on
current rates, Apple will pay interest of about $308 million a year on the $17
billion bond offering, Moody's said. In fiscal 2012, Apple paid $6 billion in
federal corporate income taxes, which is one out of every $40 in corporate
income taxes, the company said.

- From news services

Coming Today

l8:30 a.m.: Jobs report released.

lEarnings: Duke Energy, Freddie Mac, Host Hotels, Orbitz, Pepco, The Washington
Post Co.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       April 21, 2013 Sunday 8:13 PM EST

Futures and Options: April 22 to 26 Futures and Options: April 22 to 26

SECTION: ; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 252 words


Monday

}Existing home sales report

}Ameriprise Financial, Caterpillar, Halliburton, Hasbro, Netflix, Rent-A-Center,
Six Flags, Texas Instruments report earnings

Tuesday

}The American Bar Association opens four-day conference; Hyatt Regency

}Institute for Defense and Government Advancement opens two-day conference;
Holiday Inn, Alexandria

}New home sales report

}Amgen, Apple, AT&T, Coach, Delta Air Lines, Discover, DuPont, Ethan Allen,
Gannett, Hanesbrands, HomeAway, Lee Enterprises, Lockheed Martin, Panera,
RadioShack, Regal One, T. Rowe Price, Unisys, US Airways, Xerox, Yum Brands
report earnings

Wednesday

}Durable goods orders report

}Aflac, Angie's List, Boeing, CoreLogic, Dr Pepper Snapple, Eli Lilly, Ford
Motor, General Dynamics, Hershey, Lithia Motors, Morningstar, Motorola, Northrop
Grumman, Sprint Nextel, Tupperware, Whirlpool, Wyndham Worldwide, Zynga report
earnings

Thursday

}3M, Alaska Air, Amazon.com, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Cabela's, ConocoPhillips,
Crocs, Dow Chemical, Dunkin' Brands, Eastman Chemical, Exxon Mobil,
Harley-Davidson, JetBlue Airways, KKR, Las Vegas Sands, McClatchy, New York
Times, Raytheon, Safeway, Southwest Air, Stanley Black & Decker, Starbucks,
Washington REIT report earnings

Friday

}GDP report

}Consumer sentiment report

}Chevron, Clearwire, Eastman Kodak, Goodyear Tire, Revlon, Tyco, Weyerhaeuser
report earnings

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 21, 2013 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Futures and Options: April 22 to 26 Futures and Options: April 22 to 26

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 225 words

Monday

}Existing home sales report

}Ameriprise Financial, Caterpillar, Halliburton, Hasbro, Netflix, Rent-A-Center,
Six Flags, Texas Instruments report earnings

Tuesday

}The American Bar Association opens four-day conference; Hyatt Regency

}Institute for Defense and Government Advancement opens two-day conference;
Holiday Inn, Alexandria

}New home sales report

}Amgen, Apple, AT&T, Coach, Delta Air Lines, Discover, DuPont, Ethan Allen,
Gannett, Hanesbrands, HomeAway, Lee Enterprises, Lockheed Martin, Panera,
RadioShack, Regal One, T. Rowe Price, Unisys, US Airways, Xerox, Yum Brands
report earnings

Wednesday

}Durable goods orders report

}Aflac, Angie's List, Boeing, CoreLogic, Dr Pepper Snapple, Eli Lilly, Ford
Motor, General Dynamics, Hershey, Lithia Motors, Morningstar, Motorola, Northrop
Grumman, Sprint Nextel, Tupperware, Whirlpool, Wyndham Worldwide, Zynga report
earnings

Thursday

}3M, Alaska Air, Amazon.com, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Cabela's, ConocoPhillips,
Crocs, Dow Chemical, Dunkin' Brands, Eastman Chemical, Exxon Mobil,
Harley-Davidson, JetBlue Airways, KKR, Las Vegas Sands, McClatchy, New York
Times, Raytheon, Safeway, Southwest Air, Stanley Black & Decker, Starbucks,
Washington REIT report earnings

Friday

}GDP report

}Consumer sentiment report

}Chevron, Clearwire, Eastman Kodak, Goodyear Tire, Revlon, Tyco, Weyerhaeuser
report earnings

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      March 14, 2013 Thursday 8:13 PM EST

Saving the Corcoran without selling the art

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 299 words


"The Corcoran's outside voice" [editorial, March 10] lent credence to Wayne
Reynolds's effort to become chairman of the Corcoran Gallery and Corcoran
College of Art and Design, a position he previously held at Ford's Theatre.

The Corcoran is a much more complicated institution than Ford's Theatre, as it
includes both an accredited museum and an accredited college. Mr. Reynolds has
not made clear whether his plan to sell artworks from the collection would be
carried out in accordance with the standards and best practices of the museum
field and in compliance with the museum's accreditation by the American Alliance
of Museums.

The Detroit Institute of Arts offers a good example of what is required to save
a major art museum and its collection. There were no quick fixes for the Detroit
museum, as there will not be for the Corcoran, now far along in its plan to
achieve sustainability. The Detroit museum cut costs while finding new ways to
engage its community. Similar steps have been taken at the Corcoran. The process
in Detroit led to the approval of a referendum in three counties, where voters
agreed to tax themselves to provide $23 million annually for the next 10 years.

While the Detroit financial lesson is not applicable to the Corcoran, the words
of the Detroit Institute of Art's director, Graham Beal, are relevant. Despite
the potential of closing that museum, Mr. Beal made clear that the museum
existed to care for its collections, not vice versa. The museum is on a path to
sustainability, and not a single work of art was sold.

The Corcoran board and staff should be allowed to finish the work of leading
that great Washington institution to a sustainable model and a successful
future.

Ford W. Bell,Washington

The writer is president of the American Alliance of Museums.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            March 14, 2013 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

Saving the Corcoran without selling the art

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 299 words


"The Corcoran's outside voice" [editorial, March 10] lent credence to Wayne
Reynolds's effort to become chairman of the Corcoran Gallery and Corcoran
College of Art and Design, a position he previously held at Ford's Theatre.

The Corcoran is a much more complicated institution than Ford's Theatre, as it
includes both an accredited museum and an accredited college. Mr. Reynolds has
not made clear whether his plan to sell artworks from the collection would be
carried out in accordance with the standards and best practices of the museum
field and in compliance with the museum's accreditation by the American Alliance
of Museums.

The Detroit Institute of Arts offers a good example of what is required to save
a major art museum and its collection. There were no quick fixes for the Detroit
museum, as there will not be for the Corcoran, now far along in its plan to
achieve sustainability. The Detroit museum cut costs while finding new ways to
engage its community. Similar steps have been taken at the Corcoran. The process
in Detroit led to the approval of a referendum in three counties, where voters
agreed to tax themselves to provide $23 million annually for the next 10 years.

While the Detroit financial lesson is not applicable to the Corcoran, the words
of the Detroit Institute of Art's director, Graham Beal, are relevant. Despite
the potential of closing that museum, Mr. Beal made clear that the museum
existed to care for its collections, not vice versa. The museum is on a path to
sustainability, and not a single work of art was sold.

The Corcoran board and staff should be allowed to finish the work of leading
that great Washington institution to a sustainable model and a successful
future.

Ford W. Bell, Washington

The writer is president of the American Alliance of Museums.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       March 5, 2013 Tuesday 8:13 PM EST

Car designer remained proud of the Edsel long after it flopped

BYLINE: Emily Langer

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 809 words


Roy Brown Jr., the defiantly proud designer of the Ford Edsel, the
chrome-encrusted, big-grilled set of wheels that went down as one of the worst
flops in automotive history, died Feb. 24 at a hospice in Ann Arbor, Mich. He
was 96.

He had pneumonia and Parkinson's disease, said his wife, Jeanne Brown.

More than five decades after Mr. Brown's creation debuted and promptly vanished
from dealerships across the United States, the term "Edsel" remains practically
synonymous with failure.

Among auto enthusiasts, however, the car generates deep nostalgia for a bygone
era of American motoring - and a degree of affection that perhaps has proved Mr.
Brown right in the end.

He was a veteran automotive designer in the mid-1950s when the Ford Motor Co.
put him in charge of overseeing a new car. It was to be more sophisticated than
the standard Ford, less expensive than the Mercury and so distinctive, he once
said, as to be recognized "from a block away."

The new design was named the Edsel in honor of Henry Ford's late son, and only
after executives rejected suggestions solicited from poet Marianne Moore,
including Intelligent Whale, Ford Faberge, Mongoose Civique and Utopian
Turtletop.

In the era of conspicuous consumption, Mr. Brown did not build a car for the
motorist who drove. He made a behemoth for the driver who cruised - with room
enough for five friends in tow.

What Mr. Brown's design lacked in aerodynamics it boasted in flourish. External
features included scalloped sides and showy taillights. In a bold departure from
the prevailing fashion, he nixed tail fins. "I hated the bloody fins on the
Cadillac," he once said. "They were dangerous, too."

The Edsel's most recognizable attribute was its vertical grille, a design
throwback. Mr. Brown recalled the applause from company President Henry Ford II
- Edsel Ford's eldest son - when he first saw the design. The company's
enthusiasm proved out of sync with American consumers.

"It's almost grotesque," automotive industry analyst Maryann Keller said of the
Edsel, citing among the vehicle's flaws its "hundreds of pounds of unnecessary
weight in bumpers."

"Obviously it was an attempt by Ford to make a statement," she said, "but I
think it was the wrong statement."

After the car was released in 1957, the grille drew comparisons to an Oldsmobile
sucking a lemon, a toilet seat and other cruder images. "There are people that
have toilet-seat minds," Mr. Brown once told the Sun Sentinel in Florida.

Ford had invested $250 million in the venture, according to Automotive News. The
original design was altered because of its expense and after engineers warned
that the grille might inhibit ventilation.

Marketers were accused of overhyping the car, which sold for $2,300 to $3,800
and which was designed around out-of-date consumer research. By the time Edsels
rolled into dealerships, American tastes had shifted and the economy had entered
a period of recession.

Ford had hoped to sell 200,000 but ended production by 1960 after the sale of
about 118,000. The company lost more than $300,000 a day during the period when
the Edsel was in production.

Mr. Brown said he "cried in my beer for two days" but then returned to his work
with vigor. He attributed the failure to "bad timing."

After the Edsel debacle, Ford transferred Mr. Brown to the company's office in
England. He was the chief designer of the Consul and the compact Cortina, which
Automotive News described as "one of the company's most successful products in
Europe" and the best-selling car in Britain in the 1970s.

Before his retirement in 1975, he helped design Thunderbirds and Econoline vans.
Besides those vehicles, his credits from earlier in his career include a show
car that helped inspire the Batmobile.

Roy Abbott Brown Jr. was born Oct. 30, 1916, in Hamilton, Ontario. The son of a
Chrysler engineer, he moved to Detroit at 15. Mr. Brown became a U.S. citizen
and graduated from an art academy in Detroit before serving in the Army during
World War II.

He began his career as a designer in the General Motors Cadillac studio and
later oversaw design of the Oldsmobile. He joined Ford in 1953.

His first marriage, to Emily Roberts, ended in divorce. Survivors include his
wife of 42 years, Jeanne Feciashko Brown of Brooklyn, Mich.; four children from
his first marriage, Jan Byron of Fenton, Mich., Reg Brown of Charleston, S.C.,
Penny Beesley of Milton, Ga., and Mark Brown of Norcross, Ga.; a sister; five
grandchildren; two great-grandchildren; and two great-great-grandchildren.

Until the end of his life, Mr. Brown expressed pride in the Edsel. Almost until
the end, he drove one, his son said.

He told the Sun Sentinel that in later years, by which time his model had become
a collector's item, people would occasionally ask to buy his car from him.

He would reply, "Where the hell were you in 1958?"

langere@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Car designer remained proud of the Edsel long after it flopped

BYLINE: Emily Langer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 809 words


Roy Brown Jr., the defiantly proud designer of the Ford Edsel, the
chrome-encrusted, big-grilled set of wheels that went down as one of the worst
flops in automotive history, died Feb. 24 at a hospice in Ann Arbor, Mich. He
was 96.

He had pneumonia and Parkinson's disease, said his wife, Jeanne Brown.

More than five decades after Mr. Brown's creation debuted and promptly vanished
from dealerships across the United States, the term "Edsel" remains practically
synonymous with failure.

Among auto enthusiasts, however, the car generates deep nostalgia for a bygone
era of American motoring - and a degree of affection that perhaps has proved Mr.
Brown right in the end.

He was a veteran automotive designer in the mid-1950s when the Ford Motor Co.
put him in charge of overseeing a new car. It was to be more sophisticated than
the standard Ford, less expensive than the Mercury and so distinctive, he once
said, as to be recognized "from a block away."

The new design was named the Edsel in honor of Henry Ford's late son, and only
after executives rejected suggestions solicited from poet Marianne Moore,
including Intelligent Whale, Ford Faberge, Mongoose Civique and Utopian
Turtletop.

In the era of conspicuous consumption, Mr. Brown did not build a car for the
motorist who drove. He made a behemoth for the driver who cruised - with room
enough for five friends in tow.

What Mr. Brown's design lacked in aerodynamics it boasted in flourish. External
features included scalloped sides and showy taillights. In a bold departure from
the prevailing fashion, he nixed tail fins. "I hated the bloody fins on the
Cadillac," he once said. "They were dangerous, too."

The Edsel's most recognizable attribute was its vertical grille, a design
throwback. Mr. Brown recalled the applause from company President Henry Ford II
- Edsel Ford's eldest son - when he first saw the design. The company's
enthusiasm proved out of sync with American consumers.

"It's almost grotesque," automotive industry analyst Maryann Keller said of the
Edsel, citing among the vehicle's flaws its "hundreds of pounds of unnecessary
weight in bumpers."

"Obviously it was an attempt by Ford to make a statement," she said, "but I
think it was the wrong statement."

After the car was released in 1957, the grille drew comparisons to an Oldsmobile
sucking a lemon, a toilet seat and other cruder images. "There are people that
have toilet-seat minds," Mr. Brown once told the Sun Sentinel in Florida.

Ford had invested $250 million in the venture, according to Automotive News. The
original design was altered because of its expense and after engineers warned
that the grille might inhibit ventilation.

Marketers were accused of overhyping the car, which sold for $2,300 to $3,800
and which was designed around out-of-date consumer research. By the time Edsels
rolled into dealerships, American tastes had shifted and the economy had entered
a period of recession.

Ford had hoped to sell 200,000 but ended production by 1960 after the sale of
about 118,000. The company lost more than $300,000 a day during the period when
the Edsel was in production.

Mr. Brown said he "cried in my beer for two days" but then returned to his work
with vigor. He attributed the failure to "bad timing."

After the Edsel debacle, Ford transferred Mr. Brown to the company's office in
England. He was the chief designer of the Consul and the compact Cortina, which
Automotive News described as "one of the company's most successful products in
Europe" and the best-selling car in Britain in the 1970s.

Before his retirement in 1975, he helped design Thunderbirds and Econoline vans.
Besides those vehicles, his credits from earlier in his career include a show
car that helped inspire the Batmobile.

Roy Abbott Brown Jr. was born Oct. 30, 1916, in Hamilton, Ontario. The son of a
Chrysler engineer, he moved to Detroit at 15. Mr. Brown became a U.S. citizen
and graduated from an art academy in Detroit before serving in the Army during
World War II.

He began his career as a designer in the General Motors Cadillac studio and
later oversaw design of the Oldsmobile. He joined Ford in 1953.

His first marriage, to Emily Roberts, ended in divorce. Survivors include his
wife of 42 years, Jeanne Feciashko Brown of Brooklyn, Mich.; four children from
his first marriage, Jan Byron of Fenton, Mich., Reg Brown of Charleston, S.C.,
Penny Beesley of Milton, Ga., and Mark Brown of Norcross, Ga.; a sister; five
grandchildren; two great-grandchildren; and two great-great-grandchildren.

Until the end of his life, Mr. Brown expressed pride in the Edsel. Almost until
the end, he drove one, his son said.

He told the Sun Sentinel that in later years, by which time his model had become
a collector's item, people would occasionally ask to buy his car from him.

He would reply, "Where the hell were you in 1958?"

langere@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 2, 2013 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Despite head winds, U.S. auto sales rose 4% in February

BYLINE: Tom Krisher;Dee-Ann Durbin;- Associated Press

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 403 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


DETROIT - Americans want new cars and trucks, and they're not letting higher gas
prices or political dysfunction stand in their way.

New car and truck sales were up 4 percent in February as rising home
construction and cheap financing kept the U.S. auto recovery on track. While the
pace of growth is slowing, industry analysts expect more gains in the coming
months and say there is little that could derail demand for new cars.

Car buyers have shrugged off higher Social Security taxes, which cut their
take-home pay starting in January. Gas prices - which on average rose 36 cents
per gallon, to $3.78, in February - didn't change their habits, either. And they
ignored the debate over automatic government spending cuts.

"Quite frankly, we think most of America is getting a little tired of hearing
about some of the dysfunction," said Kurt McNeil, U.S. sales chief at General
Motors. "We think the fundamentals are strong and that's what's important, and
that's what's driving the economy."

February sales hit an annualized rate of 15.4 million cars and trucks. Truck
sales boomed in February as more new homes were built. McNeil said GM's pickup
sales to small businesses were up 40 percent from a year ago, which is a strong
signal of confidence in the underlying economy.

GM's sales rose 7 percent to their highest February level since 2008. Chevrolet
Silverado pickup sales jumped 29 percent, which helped make up for faltering
sales of such cars as the Chevrolet Malibu and Cruze.

Ford Motor's sales increased 9 percent. Ford reported a 15 percent gain for its
F-Series pickups, the best-selling vehicles in the United States. The company
also posted record February totals for the Escape sport-utility vehicle, up 29
percent, and the Fusion sedan, up 28 percent.

Ford said it plans to increase North American production by 9 percent in the
second quarter, compared with the same period in 2012.

Toyota's sales were up just over 4 percent, with strong sales of the RAV4 small
SUV and the Avalon large sedan. Tundra pickup sales jumped 16 percent. Despite
higher gas prices, sales of the Prius hybrid were down 13.5 percent.

Honda's sales fell 2 percent. Sales of the new Accord jumped 35 percent, but
that couldn't offset big declines for the CR-V crossover and Civic small car.

Chrysler Group's sales were up 4 percent over a year ago, a much slower pace
than the 21 percent jump the company saw in 2012.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      February 4, 2013 Monday 8:13 PM EST

rise of the G r e e n m a c h i n e s

BYLINE: Mohana Ravindranath;J.D. Harrison

SECTION: ; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 1295 words


There are early adopters.

And then there's Rob Neighbour.

Neighbour, an airline pilot who lives in Laurel, bought his first electric car
15 years ago - a converted 1984 Pontiac Fiero he found on eBay. Since then, he's
acquired four more, his latest a $77,000 Tesla Model S.

"I needed a car that would give me sufficient range," he said, refering to his
new electric model that is supposed to take him 265 miles on a single charge.

Neighbour's quest for range might be a metaphor for the Washington area, which
was early to show interest in hybrids and other alternative-fuel vehicles, but
is still looking for more. Automakers descended on the Washington Auto Show this
week to pitch their latest offerings, which included a wider selection of
battery-powered cars and the infrastructure to recharge them.

The market is still in its infancy.

This past November, for instance, 4.53 percent of new cars sold in Washington
were hybrids, higher than the national average of 3 percent and up from 3.64
percent in the region in 2011, according to vehicle registration data compiled
by R.L. Polk, an automotive research firm in Detroit. The D.C. market now ranks
second, just behind Los Angeles and ahead of San Francisco, in percentage of
hybrid sales for Ford Motor Co., which has the greatest share of the market
among U.S. companies. Sales of its most popular hybrid model, Fusion, jumped 21
percent last year compared to 2011.

The Central Atlantic region, which includes Maryland and Virginia, also accounts
for 9 percent of all sales of Toyota Prius models, of which there are more
currently on the road in the United States than all other hybrids combined. That
ranks fourth nationally, behind Los Angeles, San Francisco and the Southeast
region.

Hybrid benefits

"People like [hybrids] for their fuel economy, advanced technology features, and
in our region, they make great commuter vehicles, especially where they have
access to HOV lanes," Martha Voss, a Woodbridge resident and Toyota spokeswoman,
said in an e-mail, noting that restricted lanes on some highways around the
District now allow drivers with "clean fuel" plates to drive on them during rush
hours.

In just the past couple of years, said Joe Taylor, director of training at
Darcars Automotive Group in Silver Spring, interest in the technology has also
spread to a wider base of consumers, noting that he now has "customers who are
20 years old and customers who are 80 year old buying hybrids."

He added that "the older ones are often much more impressed with some of the new
technology in these vehicles, while the younger buyers who grew up in a digital
age are looking at these vehicles because they have come to expect being
surrounded by the latest technology."

Meanwhile, early-adopters are starting to come back for new cars, and dealers
say they are closely monitoring how many hybrid buyers are electing to stick
with the alternatives for their subsequent purchases.

So far, Jack Ballinghoff, general manager at Koons Tysons Toyota, said "a very
high percentage of them are choosing hybrid vehicles again," estimating the
renewal rate at between 50 and 75 percent.

Emerging electric market

But while hybrid sales are rising, the national market for fully electric
vehicles is still waiting to take off, and that holds true in Washington. Only
0.09 percent of vehicles sold in November were solely electric-powered, hovering
just below the national rate of 0.10 percent. Additional data based on analysis
of national data by Denver-based market research firm Pike Research suggests
that just under 1,000 plug-in electric and plug-in hybrid cars were sold in the
Washington area in 2012, up from about 600 in 2011.

A number of deterrents are holding back electric car sales, including the
availability of battery-charging stations and extended charging times, which can
take up to several hours for 100 or 200 miles of driving distance. Arlington
resident Mel Hsieh, who now owns a Tesla Roadster, had to convince the
management board at his condo to install charging stations for electric vehicles
while he waited for his car to be delivered.

"I did all the homework myself," said Hsieh, who paid about $2,000 for the
charging station, most of which went to the condo board's legal counsel. "It
would have been only a few hundred dollars for the electrician, but I had to pay
for the condo association to okay everything."

But perhaps more than anything, the limited driving range of most fully electric
vehicles makes them impractical for many professionals, especially in this
region, where so many have long commutes. That was one of the reasons Neighbour
selected the Tesla Model S. His commute to and from Dulles International Airport
- about 60 miles each way - was just out of the range of his fully electric
Toyota Rav4. Before the Tesla, Neighbour was forced to adjust his schedule based
on when and where he could charge his car.

"I could drive there an hour early and charge [the Rav4] for when I come back
into town, or just drive there and back and dip deeply into the battery - into
the yellow zone, which I try never to do - and lessen the [battery's] life
expectancy," he said.

Electric vehicle owners and local businesses are also building their own network
of available plugpoints, which drivers can generally use for free or for a small
fee. Web sites such as Plugshare and ChargePoint map where to find available
outlets.

Nicholas White, manager and part owner of Prime Street Grille in the Charles
County community of White Plains, installed two chargers after a guest requested
it. A state grant covered the cost of the chargers, and Prime Street Grille paid
$1,500 for the installation in February 2011. The chargers are free to guests
and passersby, and White estimates about 10 or 20 people use it a week, bringing
a small number of extra customers to the restaurant.

Drivers often come in for a bite because it "gives them something to do;
otherwise there's nothing around us," White said. Though he doesn't think the
small bump in business will bring in more than the installation cost, the
restaurant has caught the attention of local tech groups and car dealerships,
who have started hosting events at the restaurant because of the station.

Some energy firms are also making bets on electric vehicles and plug-in hybrids
taking off here. On Thursday, Nissan and New Jersey-based NRG Energy announced
they are teaming to build 40 publicly available "eVgo" electric charging
stations in the Washington region over the next few years, hoping to create one
of the most dense concentrations of charging ports of any metropolitan area in
the country.

Adding infrastructure

The idea is to build a network of charging stations spaced to give drivers "more
confidence and [reduce] that sense of 'range anxiety' by providing
infrastructure for these vehicles," Carly Kade, communications manager for eVgo
(NRG Energy's privately funded electric vehicle network) said in an interview.
The group is focusing on Texas, California and the Washington region in building
its initial charging networks.

Though the infrastructure developments suggest experts believe electric vehicle
sales will eventually take off in the region, widespread adoption may still be
years away.

"The electric market seems to be right about where the hybrid market was back in
2000, in that it's still mostly environmentally minded buyers who are looking at
those cars, rather than consumers who are looking to save money," said Taylor,
the Darcars Automotive representative.

mohana.ravindranath@washpost.com

harrisonj@washpost.com

4.53%

Share of vehicles sold in November in the region that were hybrids, up nearly a
percentage point from 2011, according to Detroit-based research firm R.L. Polk.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      February 4, 2013 Monday 8:13 PM EST

Hotel chain's chief executive reveals details about expansion plans

BYLINE: Abha Bhattarai

SECTION: ; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 545 words


Earlier this year, Embassy Suites - the chain of hotels owned by McLean-based
Hilton -  announced plans to expand by 25 percent in the next three years. The
company, which currently has 211 hotels in the United States, is to build about
90 new locations by 2016.

Locally, Embassy Suites is building a hotel in Springfield. Construction began
last January, and the hotel is expected to open later this year.

John Rogers, who became chief executive of Embassy Suites in September, is the
man behind the expansion. Capital Businesscaught up with Rogers - who most
recently worked for Hilton in the United Kingdom, and at Ford Motor Co. before
that - to discuss his vision for Embassy Suites.

You're new to Embassy Suites. How do you view the brand, and what is your
long-term strategy?

I've only been at Embassy for four months, but one thing in particular has been
very clear to me: There is tremendous opportunity for growth.

We've been talking to a lot of owners about how they're feeling about building
and converting more hotels, and the mood is significantly more optimistic of
late. The market is changing, and in a sector where differentiating between
brands is tough, Embassy's product is genuinely unique. I really think we can
make it bigger still.

How is the market changing? Has the economic downturn created more demand for
Embassy Suites, as people try to get more value for their money?

We find that the general improvement in the economy is helping our business. We
don't particularly believe that people trade up or trade down for Embassy. They
come to Embassy Suites because they love the unique number of things that it
offers - two rooms, complimentary breakfast, complimentary drinks every evening.

As you expand, are you planning to build new hotels from the ground up or
convert existing properties?

Many of them are being built from the ground up. We also have a very flexible
approach to conversion, both with existing hotels and also with what we call
"adaptable reuse" - things like offices spaces that we convert into an Embassy
Suites.

It does vary, though. Finding an empty lot in Manhattan is always going to be
difficult, so we're focusing on converting existing space there.

You recently introduced an updated model for new hotels. Can you talk a bit
about that?

The traditional Embassy Suites has a central atrium. Our new model has an atrium
at the front, so there's less wasted space - you need less land and fewer
materials to build the same number of rooms.

How much money does that end up saving?

It is a bit difficult to generalize - there are such differences in location
costs, banking costs, construction costs - but the savings are material. It's
about $10,000 to $20,000 per [hotel room]. In the development world, that makes
a real difference.

Are there certain markets you're targeting - cities vs. suburbs, say?

Embassy has been particularly strong in secondary and tertiary markets and
somewhat less strong in key downtown markets. But there are a number of major
downtowns where we would like to expand - New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco -
and we're talking to a number of them. There are lots and lots of locations in
the U.S. where we know Embassy would become a home run if we build them.

abha.bhattarai@washingtonpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      February 4, 2013 Monday 8:13 PM EST

Ford gives $500,000 for innovation program

BYLINE: Vanessa Small

SECTION: ; Pg. A28

LENGTH: 373 words


The Ford Motor Co. Fund has announced a $500,000 donation to the Smithsonian's
National Museum of American History, the largest contribution the museum has
received for expanding a program that supports innovation and science for youth.

The company made the announcement at the Washington Auto Show at the Walter E.
Washington Convention Center, where it set up a   Spark!Lab exhibit, an
interactive inventor's workshop. In a large hall surrounded by 40 new Ford cars
and trucks, a dozen students from a local elementary school took in the exhibit
after a press conference. They designed cars with PVC pipe, created music with
marbles and wood, and built model vehicles with dry pasta noodles.

The donation represents part of the funding for a $2 million Spark!Lab
initiative that includes updating a program at the museum and building three
other  labs around the country.

Spark!Lab in D.C. is set to reopen in the spring of 2015 with expanded space and
activities involving phone apps and video-recording kiosks.

The lab is part of a $120 million overhaul of the museum's west wing. The
federal government put up half of the funding, the other half is to come from
private donors.

"Ford supporting the renovation is huge," said Tricia Edwards, an education
specialist at the Smithsonian who manages Spark!Labs. "It's going to be very
different than anything else on the National Mall."

The president of Ford Motor Co. Fund, Jim Vella, sits on the board of the
National Museum of American History. He said the foundation was looking for a
substantial project to support this year that would also highlight the 150th
birthday of the auto company's founder Henry Ford.

"One of the things that he was known for was tinkering in innovation," Vella
said. "So it's a great partnership for us because it allows us to reach out to
young people and get them involved in invention projects that may lead them to
[science and engineering careers], which is real important to a company like
Ford."

Ford has partnered with the Smithsonian since 1974, funding exhibitions
including Freedom's Sisters, an exhibit that highlights little-known women in
the civil rights movement. It also gave $400,000 to the National Zoo for its
panda Webcam.

smallv@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      February 4, 2013 Monday 8:13 PM EST

Carmakers go beyond exteriors and engines

BYLINE: Steven Overly

SECTION: ; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 676 words


As the nation's automakers display their wares at the Washington Auto Show this
week, many aim to sell attendees on the technology inside the cars as much as
their sleek exteriors and powerful engines.

From navigation systems to smartphone apps to Internet connections, consumer
technologies are becoming a standard feature in cars at any price point. As a
result, they've become the latest way a carmaker can differentiate itself from
its competitors.

"In the past, we've always been focused on what was specifically automotive,"
said Jim Buczkowski, director in research and innovation at Ford Motor Co. "The
automobile [was] a bit separated from other environments. The rubber tires
contact the road, and that's about it. Today, everything is becoming connected."

The trend hasn't come without its challenges. For one, consumer electronics fall
in and out of favor faster than many people replace their vehicles. What's more,
innovation in the consumer electronics industry often outpaces that of the
automotive sector.

That's forced some automakers to rethink the way they integrate technology into
their newest models. At Audi, for example, much of the consumer technologies in
the car are built into a chip that can be swapped out for the latest version
without replacing the entire car.

Several new Audi models also contain broadband-quality Internet access that
allows motorists to search for information or view satellite images of their
route in real time, much as they might from a home computer.

"Connectivity has become one of the mainstays for how you live," said Anupam
Malhotra, Audi's senior manager for connected vehicles. "Access to some of the
best information out there is something we take for granted now. The car cannot
be a place where you don't have that access."

Patrick McComiskey, a 30-year-old Frederick resident, said at the car show last
week that consumer-oriented technologies help keep younger demographics
interested in cars.

"The younger generation is most concerned about their phones," he said. So
carmakers "need all of the technology incorporated into even the most affordable
cars."

Distractions grow

But safety concerns preclude companies from simply recreating your home office
or living room on wheels. Federal regulators have grown increasingly concerned
about the distractions that technology creates.

Some automakers have responded  by implementing voice and Bluetooth technologies
that allow drivers to keep both hands on the steering wheel. Others have sought
to make smartphone applications and components that are better suited for the
car.

Toyota, for example, has created a suite of popular consumer applications, such
as Pandora Internet Radio and Facebook, whose menus have been simplified to
require less driver interaction.

"Allowing the customer to connect with any content, any time is something we as
automakers need to be cognizant of, and wrestle with, from a driver-safety
standpoint," said Jon Bucci, Toyota's vice president of connected-vehicle
technologies.

Amer Aijaz, electronic strategy manager at Volkswagen of America, said that many
technologies, such as rearview cameras or driver alerts, are designed to make
the experience behind the wheel both enjoyable and safe.

"Cars are becoming more and more complex, with more and more sensors. It creates
new opportunities for new safety features and intelligence the car can offer to
customers to make the right decision at the right time," he said.

Jack Russell and T.J. Harbaugh, 19-year-old friends from Great Falls, toured the
showroom floor Friday. The pair agreed that the new technologies are useful and
make cars more appealing, but disagree on whether they come at a worthwhile
cost.

"A lot of the aging generation, who are used to the old ways of doing things,
will say the new stuff makes things harder," Russell said. "For me, I only know
the new stuff."

"The new technology does make the car, overall, better," Harbaugh contends. "But
if something goes wrong, it can go from a $20 fix to a $200 fix."

overlys@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 4, 2013 Monday
                                 Every Edition

Hotel chain's chief executive reveals details about expansion plans

BYLINE: Abha Bhattarai

SECTION: Pg. A17

LENGTH: 543 words


Earlier this year, Embassy Suites - the chain of hotels owned by McLean-based
Hilton -  announced plans to expand by 25 percent in the next three years. The
company, which currently has 211 hotels in the United States, is to build about
90 new locations by 2016.

Locally, Embassy Suites is building a hotel in Springfield. Construction began
last January, and the hotel is expected to open later this year.

John Rogers, who became chief executive of Embassy Suites in September, is the
man behind the expansion. Capital Business caught up with Rogers - who most
recently worked for Hilton in the United Kingdom, and at Ford Motor Co. before
that - to discuss his vision for Embassy Suites.

You're new to Embassy Suites. How do you view the brand, and what is your
long-term strategy?

I've only been at Embassy for four months, but one thing in particular has been
very clear to me: There is tremendous opportunity for growth.

We've been talking to a lot of owners about how they're feeling about building
and converting more hotels, and the mood is significantly more optimistic of
late. The market is changing, and in a sector where differentiating between
brands is tough, Embassy's product is genuinely unique. I really think we can
make it bigger still.

How is the market changing? Has the economic downturn created more demand for
Embassy Suites, as people try to get more value for their money?

We find that the general improvement in the economy is helping our business. We
don't particularly believe that people trade up or trade down for Embassy. They
come to Embassy Suites because they love the unique number of things that it
offers - two rooms, complimentary breakfast, complimentary drinks every evening.

As you expand, are you planning to build new hotels from the ground up or
convert existing properties?

Many of them are being built from the ground up. We also have a very flexible
approach to conversion, both with existing hotels and also with what we call
"adaptable reuse" - things like offices spaces that we convert into an Embassy
Suites.

It does vary, though. Finding an empty lot in Manhattan is always going to be
difficult, so we're focusing on converting existing space there.

You recently introduced an updated model for new hotels. Can you talk a bit
about that?

The traditional Embassy Suites has a central atrium. Our new model has an atrium
at the front, so there's less wasted space - you need less land and fewer
materials to build the same number of rooms.

How much money does that end up saving?

It is a bit difficult to generalize - there are such differences in location
costs, banking costs, construction costs - but the savings are material. It's
about $10,000 to $20,000 per [hotel room]. In the development world, that makes
a real difference.

Are there certain markets you're targeting - cities vs. suburbs, say?

Embassy has been particularly strong in secondary and tertiary markets and
somewhat less strong in key downtown markets. But there are a number of major
downtowns where we would like to expand - New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco -
and we're talking to a number of them. There are lots and lots of locations in
the U.S. where we know Embassy would become a home run if we build them.

abha.bhattarai@washingtonpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 4, 2013 Monday
                                 Every Edition

Ford gives $500,000 for innovation program

BYLINE: Vanessa Small

SECTION: Pg. A28

LENGTH: 373 words


The Ford Motor Co. Fund has announced a $500,000 donation to the Smithsonian's
National Museum of American History, the largest contribution the museum has
received for expanding a program that supports innovation and science for youth.

The company made the announcement at the Washington Auto Show at the Walter E.
Washington Convention Center, where it set up a   Spark!Lab exhibit, an
interactive inventor's workshop. In a large hall surrounded by 40 new Ford cars
and trucks, a dozen students from a local elementary school took in the exhibit
after a press conference. They designed cars with PVC pipe, created music with
marbles and wood, and built model vehicles with dry pasta noodles.

The donation represents part of the funding for a $2 million Spark!Lab
initiative that includes updating a program at the museum and building three
other  labs around the country.

Spark!Lab in D.C. is set to reopen in the spring of 2015 with expanded space and
activities involving phone apps and video-recording kiosks.

The lab is part of a $120 million overhaul of the museum's west wing. The
federal government put up half of the funding, the other half is to come from
private donors.

"Ford supporting the renovation is huge," said Tricia Edwards, an education
specialist at the Smithsonian who manages Spark!Labs. "It's going to be very
different than anything else on the National Mall."

The president of Ford Motor Co. Fund, Jim Vella, sits on the board of the
National Museum of American History. He said the foundation was looking for a
substantial project to support this year that would also highlight the 150th
birthday of the auto company's founder Henry Ford.

"One of the things that he was known for was tinkering in innovation," Vella
said. "So it's a great partnership for us because it allows us to reach out to
young people and get them involved in invention projects that may lead them to
[science and engineering careers], which is real important to a company like
Ford."

Ford has partnered with the Smithsonian since 1974, funding exhibitions
including Freedom's Sisters, an exhibit that highlights little-known women in
the civil rights movement. It also gave $400,000 to the National Zoo for its
panda Webcam.

smallv@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 4, 2013 Monday
                                 Every Edition

Carmakers go beyond exteriors and engines

BYLINE: Steven Overly

SECTION: Pg. A08

LENGTH: 672 words


As the nation's automakers display their wares at the Washington Auto Show this
week, many aim to sell attendees on the technology inside the cars as much as
their sleek exteriors and powerful engines.

From navigation systems to smartphone apps to Internet connections, consumer
technologies are becoming a standard feature in cars at any price point. As a
result, they've become the latest way a carmaker can differentiate itself from
its competitors.

"In the past, we've always been focused on what was specifically automotive,"
said Jim Buczkowski, director in research and innovation at Ford Motor Co. "The
automobile [was] a bit separated from other environments. The rubber tires
contact the road, and that's about it. Today, everything is becoming connected."

The trend hasn't come without its challenges. For one, consumer electronics fall
in and out of favor faster than many people replace their vehicles. What's more,
innovation in the consumer electronics industry often outpaces that of the
automotive sector.

That's forced some automakers to rethink the way they integrate technology into
their newest models. At Audi, for example, much of the consumer technologies in
the car are built into a chip that can be swapped out for the latest version
without replacing the entire car.

Several new Audi models also contain broadband-quality Internet access that
allows motorists to search for information or view satellite images of their
route in real time, much as they might from a home computer.

"Connectivity has become one of the mainstays for how you live," said Anupam
Malhotra, Audi's senior manager for connected vehicles. "Access to some of the
best information out there is something we take for granted now. The car cannot
be a place where you don't have that access."

Patrick McComiskey, a 30-year-old Frederick resident, said at the car show last
week that consumer-oriented technologies help keep younger demographics
interested in cars.

"The younger generation is most concerned about their phones," he said. So
carmakers "need all of the technology incorporated into even the most affordable
cars."

Distractions grow

But safety concerns preclude companies from simply recreating your home office
or living room on wheels. Federal regulators have grown increasingly concerned
about the distractions that technology creates.

Some automakers have responded  by implementing voice and Bluetooth technologies
that allow drivers to keep both hands on the steering wheel. Others have sought
to make smartphone applications and components that are better suited for the
car.

Toyota, for example, has created a suite of popular consumer applications, such
as Pandora Internet Radio and Facebook, whose menus have been simplified to
require less driver interaction.

"Allowing the customer to connect with any content, any time is something we as
automakers need to be cognizant of, and wrestle with, from a driver-safety
standpoint," said Jon Bucci, Toyota's vice president of connected-vehicle
technologies.

Amer Aijaz, electronic strategy manager at Volkswagen of America, said that many
technologies, such as rearview cameras or driver alerts, are designed to make
the experience behind the wheel both enjoyable and safe.

"Cars are becoming more and more complex, with more and more sensors. It creates
new opportunities for new safety features and intelligence the car can offer to
customers to make the right decision at the right time," he said.

Jack Russell and T.J. Harbaugh, 19-year-old friends from Great Falls, toured the
showroom floor Friday. The pair agreed that the new technologies are useful and
make cars more appealing, but disagree on whether they come at a worthwhile
cost.

"A lot of the aging generation, who are used to the old ways of doing things,
will say the new stuff makes things harder," Russell said. "For me, I only know
the new stuff."

"The new technology does make the car, overall, better," Harbaugh contends. "But
if something goes wrong, it can go from a $20 fix to a $200 fix."

overlys@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 4, 2013 Monday
                                 Every Edition

rise of the Green machines

BYLINE: Mohana Ravindranath;J.D. Harrison

SECTION: Pg. A21

LENGTH: 1290 words


There are early adopters.

And then there's Rob Neighbour.

Neighbour, an airline pilot who lives in Laurel, bought his first electric car
15 years ago - a converted 1984 Pontiac Fiero he found on eBay. Since then, he's
acquired four more, his latest a $77,000 Tesla Model S.

"I needed a car that would give me sufficient range," he said, refering to his
new electric model that is supposed to take him 265 miles on a single charge.

Neighbour's quest for range might be a metaphor for the Washington area, which
was early to show interest in hybrids and other alternative-fuel vehicles, but
is still looking for more. Automakers descended on the Washington Auto Show this
week to pitch their latest offerings, which included a wider selection of
battery-powered cars and the infrastructure to recharge them.

The market is still in its infancy.

This past November, for instance, 4.53 percent of new cars sold in Washington
were hybrids, higher than the national average of 3 percent and up from 3.64
percent in the region in 2011, according to vehicle registration data compiled
by R.L. Polk, an automotive research firm in Detroit. The D.C. market now ranks
second, just behind Los Angeles and ahead of San Francisco, in percentage of
hybrid sales for Ford Motor Co., which has the greatest share of the market
among U.S. companies. Sales of its most popular hybrid model, Fusion, jumped 21
percent last year compared to 2011.

The Central Atlantic region, which includes Maryland and Virginia, also accounts
for 9 percent of all sales of Toyota Prius models, of which there are more
currently on the road in the United States than all other hybrids combined. That
ranks fourth nationally, behind Los Angeles, San Francisco and the Southeast
region.

Hybrid benefits

"People like [hybrids] for their fuel economy, advanced technology features, and
in our region, they make great commuter vehicles, especially where they have
access to HOV lanes," Martha Voss, a Woodbridge resident and Toyota spokeswoman,
said in an e-mail, noting that restricted lanes on some highways around the
District now allow drivers with "clean fuel" plates to drive on them during rush
hours.

In just the past couple of years, said Joe Taylor, director of training at
Darcars Automotive Group in Silver Spring, interest in the technology has also
spread to a wider base of consumers, noting that he now has "customers who are
20 years old and customers who are 80 year old buying hybrids."

He added that "the older ones are often much more impressed with some of the new
technology in these vehicles, while the younger buyers who grew up in a digital
age are looking at these vehicles because they have come to expect being
surrounded by the latest technology."

Meanwhile, early-adopters are starting to come back for new cars, and dealers
say they are closely monitoring how many hybrid buyers are electing to stick
with the alternatives for their subsequent purchases.

So far, Jack Ballinghoff, general manager at Koons Tysons Toyota, said "a very
high percentage of them are choosing hybrid vehicles again," estimating the
renewal rate at between 50 and 75 percent.

Emerging electric market

But while hybrid sales are rising, the national market for fully electric
vehicles is still waiting to take off, and that holds true in Washington. Only
0.09 percent of vehicles sold in November were solely electric-powered, hovering
just below the national rate of 0.10 percent. Additional data based on analysis
of national data by Denver-based market research firm Pike Research suggests
that just under 1,000 plug-in electric and plug-in hybrid cars were sold in the
Washington area in 2012, up from about 600 in 2011.

A number of deterrents are holding back electric car sales, including the
availability of battery-charging stations and extended charging times, which can
take up to several hours for 100 or 200 miles of driving distance. Arlington
resident Mel Hsieh, who now owns a Tesla Roadster, had to convince the
management board at his condo to install charging stations for electric vehicles
while he waited for his car to be delivered.

"I did all the homework myself," said Hsieh, who paid about $2,000 for the
charging station, most of which went to the condo board's legal counsel. "It
would have been only a few hundred dollars for the electrician, but I had to pay
for the condo association to okay everything."

But perhaps more than anything, the limited driving range of most fully electric
vehicles makes them impractical for many professionals, especially in this
region, where so many have long commutes. That was one of the reasons Neighbour
selected the Tesla Model S. His commute to and from Dulles International Airport
- about 60 miles each way - was just out of the range of his fully electric
Toyota Rav4. Before the Tesla, Neighbour was forced to adjust his schedule based
on when and where he could charge his car.

"I could drive there an hour early and charge [the Rav4] for when I come back
into town, or just drive there and back and dip deeply into the battery - into
the yellow zone, which I try never to do - and lessen the [battery's] life
expectancy," he said.

Electric vehicle owners and local businesses are also building their own network
of available plugpoints, which drivers can generally use for free or for a small
fee. Web sites such as Plugshare and ChargePoint map where to find available
outlets.

Nicholas White, manager and part owner of Prime Street Grille in the Charles
County community of White Plains, installed two chargers after a guest requested
it. A state grant covered the cost of the chargers, and Prime Street Grille paid
$1,500 for the installation in February 2011. The chargers are free to guests
and passersby, and White estimates about 10 or 20 people use it a week, bringing
a small number of extra customers to the restaurant.

Drivers often come in for a bite because it "gives them something to do;
otherwise there's nothing around us," White said. Though he doesn't think the
small bump in business will bring in more than the installation cost, the
restaurant has caught the attention of local tech groups and car dealerships,
who have started hosting events at the restaurant because of the station.

Some energy firms are also making bets on electric vehicles and plug-in hybrids
taking off here. On Thursday, Nissan and New Jersey-based NRG Energy announced
they are teaming to build 40 publicly available "eVgo" electric charging
stations in the Washington region over the next few years, hoping to create one
of the most dense concentrations of charging ports of any metropolitan area in
the country.

Adding infrastructure

The idea is to build a network of charging stations spaced to give drivers "more
confidence and [reduce] that sense of 'range anxiety' by providing
infrastructure for these vehicles," Carly Kade, communications manager for eVgo
(NRG Energy's privately funded electric vehicle network) said in an interview.
The group is focusing on Texas, California and the Washington region in building
its initial charging networks.

Though the infrastructure developments suggest experts believe electric vehicle
sales will eventually take off in the region, widespread adoption may still be
years away.

"The electric market seems to be right about where the hybrid market was back in
2000, in that it's still mostly environmentally minded buyers who are looking at
those cars, rather than consumers who are looking to save money," said Taylor,
the Darcars Automotive representative.

mohana.ravindranath@washpost.com

harrisonj@washpost.com

4.53%

Share of vehicles sold in November in the region that were hybrids, up nearly a
percentage point from 2011, according to Detroit-based research firm R.L. Polk.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     February 2, 2013 Saturday 8:13 PM EST

SECTION: A section; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 778 words


AUTOMOTIVE          U.S. sales rise 14 percent in January

American consumers ignored tax increases and trudged through winter weather to
buy new cars and trucks at an unusually strong pace last month. It was the auto
industry's best January since 2008.

U.S. auto sales rose 14 percent to more than 1 million. Toyota's 27 percent gain
was the biggest among the major car companies. Ford's sales jumped 22 percent,
while General Motors and Chrysler each reported 16 percent gains compared with a
year earlier.

Sales ran at an annual pace of 15.3 million in January. If that holds for the
rest of the year, automakers will sell nearly 1 million more vehicles than in
2012, when sales rose 13 percent.

Toyota sales jumped on the strength of the Prius hybrid cars and wagon, which
rose 36 percent, and the new Avalon sedan, which was up 50 percent.

At Ford, January's sales growth was led by the newly redesigned Fusion midsize
car, which saw a 65 percent increase. Explorer SUV sales rose 46 percent.

Sales of Ford's F-Series pickup truck, the top-selling vehicle in the United
States, rose 22 percent. GM's Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra pickups each
saw increases of more than 30 percent while sales of the Ram pickup, Chrysler's
top-selling vehicle, rose 14 percent from a year earlier.

- Associated Press

INTERNET          Google moves closer to resolving E.U. case

Google has offered to change some of its business practices to appease European
competition authorities and avoid billions of dollars in fines.

The European Commission said Friday that it had received detailed proposals from
the world's most popular search engine, which has been under investigation for
two years following complaints from more than a dozen companies, including
Microsoft, that Google has used its market power to block rivals.

If the commission accepts the proposals under its settlement procedure, it would
mean no fine and no finding of wrongdoing against Google. Companies found to be
in breach of E.U. rules can be fined as much as 10 percent of global turnover,
which could mean up to $4 billion if there is no resolution in Google's case.

E.U. Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia declined to give details of the
proposal but said, "We are analyzing it." Google spokesman Al Verney said the
group continues to work cooperatively with the commission.

Google's offer includes labelling its own services in search results to make
them stand out from rival services and also imposing fewer restrictions on
advertisers, according to people familiar with the matter, who spoke on the
condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue.

- Reuters

Also in Business

l  Argentinabecame the first country censured by the International Monetary Fund
for not sharing accurate data on inflation and economic growth. The declaration
of censure was adopted Friday by the IMF's 24-member board of directors.
Although it doesn't have immediate effects, the decision takes the country a
step closer to sanctions that include barred access to IMF loans.

l  Applebecame the top mobile-phone seller for the first time in the lucrative
U.S. market during the fourth quarter, outshining arch-rival Samsung
Electronics, a report by Strategy Analytics showed. Apple's share of the U.S.
mobile-phone market, including feature phones and smartphones, jumped to 34
percent from 26 percent, while Samsung's share grew to 32.3 percent from 31.8
percent, the research firm said Friday. For the full year, Samsung still held
the crown for mobile-phone sales. It had a 31.8 percent share of the U.S. market
in 2012, against Apple's 26.2 percent.

l  Exxon Mobilsaid Friday that fourth-quarter earnings rose 6 percent to $9.95
billion with help from higher refining profit margins. The oil giant barely
missed a record for full-year earnings. It earned $44.88 billion in 2012, about
$340 million shy of its 2008 mark of $45.22 billion, an all-time high for a
publicly traded company.

l  BlackBerry'slatest phone faces a lengthy testing process by carriers in the
United States, further delaying the arrival of a product that was already more
than a year late. Verizon Wireless and AT&T have multistep tests that can take
months to complete. The slow process means the new Z10, unveiled at a New York
event this week, will go on sale in the United States in March - more than a
month after its debut in Britain.

- From news services

Coming Next Week

l  In Sunday Business:The beer industry's relentless consolidation.

l  Monday:Factory orders released at 10 a.m. Earnings by Yum Brands.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 2, 2013 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 751 words

AUTOMOTIVE

U.S. sales rise 14 percent in January

American consumers ignored tax increases and trudged through winter weather to
buy new cars and trucks at an unusually strong pace last month. It was the auto
industry's best January since 2008.

U.S. auto sales rose 14 percent to more than 1 million. Toyota's 27 percent gain
was the biggest among the major car companies. Ford's sales jumped 22 percent,
while General Motors and Chrysler each reported 16 percent gains compared with a
year earlier.

Sales ran at an annual pace of 15.3 million in January. If that holds for the
rest of the year, automakers will sell nearly 1 million more vehicles than in
2012, when sales rose 13 percent.

Toyota sales jumped on the strength of the Prius hybrid cars and wagon, which
rose 36 percent, and the new Avalon sedan, which was up 50 percent.

At Ford, January's sales growth was led by the newly redesigned Fusion midsize
car, which saw a 65 percent increase. Explorer SUV sales rose 46 percent.

Sales of Ford's F-Series pickup truck, the top-selling vehicle in the United
States, rose 22 percent. GM's Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra pickups each
saw increases of more than 30 percent while sales of the Ram pickup, Chrysler's
top-selling vehicle, rose 14 percent from a year earlier.

- Associated Press

INTERNET

Google moves closer to resolving E.U. case

Google has offered to change some of its business practices to appease European
competition authorities and avoid billions of dollars in fines.

The European Commission said Friday that it had received detailed proposals from
the world's most popular search engine, which has been under investigation for
two years following complaints from more than a dozen companies, including
Microsoft, that Google has used its market power to block rivals.

If the commission accepts the proposals under its settlement procedure, it would
mean no fine and no finding of wrongdoing against Google. Companies found to be
in breach of E.U. rules can be fined as much as 10 percent of global turnover,
which could mean up to $4 billion if there is no resolution in Google's case.

E.U. Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia declined to give details of the
proposal but said, "We are analyzing it." Google spokesman Al Verney said the
group continues to work cooperatively with the commission.

Google's offer includes labelling its own services in search results to make
them stand out from rival services and also imposing fewer restrictions on
advertisers, according to people familiar with the matter, who spoke on the
condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue.

- Reuters

Also in Business

lArgentina became the first country censured by the International Monetary Fund
for not sharing accurate data on inflation and economic growth. The declaration
of censure was adopted Friday by the IMF's 24-member board of directors.
Although it doesn't have immediate effects, the decision takes the country a
step closer to sanctions that include barred access to IMF loans.

lApple became the top mobile-phone seller for the first time in the lucrative
U.S. market during the fourth quarter, outshining arch-rival Samsung
Electronics, a report by Strategy Analytics showed. Apple's share of the U.S.
mobile-phone market, including feature phones and smartphones, jumped to 34
percent from 26 percent, while Samsung's share grew to 32.3 percent from 31.8
percent, the research firm said Friday. For the full year, Samsung still held
the crown for mobile-phone sales. It had a 31.8 percent share of the U.S. market
in 2012, against Apple's 26.2 percent.

lExxon Mobil said Friday that fourth-quarter earnings rose 6 percent to $9.95
billion with help from higher refining profit margins. The oil giant barely
missed a record for full-year earnings. It earned $44.88 billion in 2012, about
$340 million shy of its 2008 mark of $45.22 billion, an all-time high for a
publicly traded company.

lBlackBerry's latest phone faces a lengthy testing process by carriers in the
United States, further delaying the arrival of a product that was already more
than a year late. Verizon Wireless and AT&T have multistep tests that can take
months to complete. The slow process means the new Z10, unveiled at a New York
event this week, will go on sale in the United States in March - more than a
month after its debut in Britain.

- From news services

Coming Next Week

lIn Sunday Business: The beer industry's relentless consolidation.

lMonday: Factory orders released at 10 a.m. Earnings by Yum Brands.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      January 29, 2013 Tuesday 8:13 PM EST

TV Highlights

BYLINE: Emily Yahr

SECTION: Style; Pg. C06

LENGTH: 423 words


HIGHLIGHTS

The docu-series "Pioneers of Television"(WETA and MPT at 8 p.m.) continues with
a look at "Superheroes," which explores old school superhero TV series, from
"Superman" in the 1950s to "Wonder Woman" and "The Incredible  Hulk" in the
1970s.

Abby has upsetting flashbacks on "NCIS" (CBS at 8) when the team investigates a
Marine involved in a bad car accident.

RETURNING SHOW:Comedian Adam Ferrara, racecar driver Tanner Foust and racing
analyst Rutledge Wood are back for a third season of the American version of
"Top Gear"(History at 9), and in the opener, the men take a road trip to Mexico
and decide who had the best college car.

Documentary "Henry Ford: American Experience" (WETA and MPT at 9) profiles the
Ford Motor Company founder, who went from farmer to auto industry game-changer
when he introduced the Model T in 1908.

Since "Don't Trust the B in Apt. 23" was canceled, that means two episodes of
"Happy Endings"(ABC at 9, 9:30) are on tap - in the first, the gang tricks Max
into thinking he won the lottery.

SERIES PREMIERE:Seven women use their "ex" status to get on the new reality show
"Starter Wives Confidential"(TLC at 9), which follows former wives and
girlfriends of famous men. In the premiere, Monica Joseph-Taylor (soon-to-be ex
of hip-hop DJ Aston "Funkmaster Flex" Taylor) throws a party, but causes drama
with the guest list - and Zakia Baum (ex-girlfriend of rapper Jermaine "Maino"
Coleman) is not happy.

SERIES PREMIERE:The new docu-series "Southie Rules"(A&E at 10) follows a
multigenerational family living in a three-story home in South Boston. Our cast
of characters includes Mom and Dad on the top floor, who are divorced (Dad is
still in love with Mom, but Mom is dating someone new); son Matty, his
girlfriend Jen and their 9-month-old baby on the middle floor; and daughter
Leah, husband Jarod and toddler on the ground floor.

MTV calls Tuesday's episode of "Snooki & JWoww"(at 10) "one of its biggest
moments in pop culture history," as Nicole "Snooki" Polizzi gives birth to her
son, Lorenzo. As Snooki and her fiance, Jionni, adjust to becoming parents,
JWoww heads to Maine to visit Roger's parents.

SERIES PREMIERE:Comedians Nikki Glaser and Sara Schaefer start a weekly
half-hour comedy show (based on their podcast "You Had to Be There) live from
Times Square, "Nikki & Sara Live"(MTV at 11), as they perform comedy sketches
and interview celebrity guests. First up: Singer Ke$ha makes an appearance.

- Emily Yahr

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 29, 2013 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

TV Highlights

BYLINE: - Emily Yahr

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C06

LENGTH: 412 words

HIGHLIGHTS

The docu-series "Pioneers of Television" (WETA and MPT at 8 p.m.) continues with
a look at "Superheroes," which explores old school superhero TV series, from
"Superman" in the 1950s to "Wonder Woman" and "The Incredible  Hulk" in the
1970s.

Abby has upsetting flashbacks on "NCIS" (CBS at 8) when the team investigates a
Marine involved in a bad car accident.

RETURNING SHOW: Comedian Adam Ferrara, racecar driver Tanner Foust and racing
analyst Rutledge Wood are back for a third season of the American version of
"Top Gear" (History at 9), and in the opener, the men take a road trip to Mexico
and decide who had the best college car.

Documentary "Henry Ford: American Experience" (WETA and MPT at 9) profiles the
Ford Motor Company founder, who went from farmer to auto industry game-changer
when he introduced the Model T in 1908.

Since "Don't Trust the B in Apt. 23" was canceled, that means two episodes of
"Happy Endings" (ABC at 9, 9:30) are on tap - in the first, the gang tricks Max
into thinking he won the lottery.

SERIES PREMIERE: Seven women use their "ex" status to get on the new reality
show "Starter Wives Confidential" (TLC at 9), which follows former wives and
girlfriends of famous men. In the premiere, Monica Joseph-Taylor (soon-to-be ex
of hip-hop DJ Aston "Funkmaster Flex" Taylor) throws a party, but causes drama
with the guest list - and Zakia Baum (ex-girlfriend of rapper Jermaine "Maino"
Coleman) is not happy.

SERIES PREMIERE: The new docu-series "Southie Rules" (A&E at 10) follows a
multigenerational family living in a three-story home in South Boston. Our cast
of characters includes Mom and Dad on the top floor, who are divorced (Dad is
still in love with Mom, but Mom is dating someone new); son Matty, his
girlfriend Jen and their 9-month-old baby on the middle floor; and daughter
Leah, husband Jarod and toddler on the ground floor.

MTV calls Tuesday's episode of "Snooki & JWoww" (at 10) "one of its biggest
moments in pop culture history," as Nicole "Snooki" Polizzi gives birth to her
son, Lorenzo. As Snooki and her fiance, Jionni, adjust to becoming parents,
JWoww heads to Maine to visit Roger's parents.

SERIES PREMIERE: Comedians Nikki Glaser and Sara Schaefer start a weekly
half-hour comedy show (based on their podcast "You Had to Be There) live from
Times Square, "Nikki & Sara Live" (MTV at 11), as they perform comedy sketches
and interview celebrity guests. First up: Singer Ke$ha makes an appearance.

- Emily Yahr

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      January 21, 2013 Monday 8:13 PM EST

This 'new' set of wheels is really old

BYLINE: T. Rees Shapiro

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 396 words


It's older than the students, and the teachers too. It's even older than the
school building that is its new home.

The 1924 Ford Model T, recently donated to Lake Braddock Secondary School in
Fairfax County, is the oldest car ever donated to the school system.

"We've gotten a couple of '50s; Chevys, Bel Airs," said Chad Maclin, the school
system's program manager for trade and industrial education. "But this is the
oldest we've ever received."

Maclin said the school system receives about 400 to 500 donated cars every year,
with some more exotic than others. (Dodge Caravans? Those ubiquitous suburban
people-movers adored by soccer-moms and taekwondo-dads? "We get those in
droves," Maclin said.)

The most unusual donations include a Range Rover that had traveled twice to the
Arctic Circle, a 1949 Dodge Coronet convertible and a 2007 Toyota Prius driven
for 3 years with more than 400,000 on the odometer. (Woe to that eco-friendly
commuter!)

The 1924 Model T is not pristine, but soon will be, Maclin said. The automotive
technology students at Lake Braddock will complete a 300-point inspection of the
car and refurbish the vehicle into running condition.

Maclin said the car will be used in homecoming parades and will be showcased at
automotive industry competitions.

"Sometimes we get these diamonds and it's good for kids. . . . It's not just
fixing a car, we teach them all aspects of it," Maclin said, including the car's
origins and Ford Motor Company history.

Lisa Shaler-Clark, a Burke resident, donated the Model T to Lake Braddock in
mid-December. The car had been in her late- husband's family for more than a
half-century, since his grandfather purchased the Model T from its original
owner in 1954.

"At that time, it was 30 years old and already considered a classic,"
Shaler-Clark said.

She said that when her family used to live in the Detroit area, they would drive
it in the Woodward Dream Cruise, a classic car rally in Michigan.

Shaler-Clark said she gave it to Lake Braddock, her daughter's alma mater, so
that "another generation of Americans get to play with this great historic car.
. . . The chances kids and teenagers have to work on these cars is getting
scarcer and scarcer."

Maclin estimated that the Model T, once completely refitted by the students,
could be worth as much as $23,000.

Back in 1926, a Ford Model T sold for $310.

shapirot@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      January 21, 2013 Monday 8:13 PM EST

Holy high bid, Batman! $4.2 million for 1960s car

BYLINE: David Schwartz

SECTION: Style; Pg. C04

LENGTH: 193 words


PHOENIX - An Arizona man with a special fondness for caped crusader Batman and
his sidekick Robin bought the original Batmobile driven in the iconic television
series with a bid of $4.2 million at an auction on Saturday.

Rick Champagne, a Phoenix-area logistics company owner, came away with the
futuristic black two-seater featured in the "Batman" series starring Adam West
and Burt Ward from 1966 to 1968, after a flurry of spirited bidding at the
Scottsdale, Ariz., auction.

The Barrett-Jackson auction was the first time the car was put up for public
sale. In addition to the $4.2 million bid price, the buyer will have to pay
roughly $420,000 in premiums.

The Batmobile is based on a 1955 Lincoln Futura, a concept car built in Italy by
the Ford Motor Co.

The car has a V-8 engine and instruments in the steering wheel, plus
then-unusual items such as a push-button transmission. But generations may
remember it best for Bat gadgets added for the series, including a car phone and
the ability to deploy such things as oil, smoke and nails to thwart villains -
not to mention twin rear parachutes for quick Bat turns.

- Reuters

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 21, 2013 Monday
                                Regional Edition

This 'new' set of wheels is really old

BYLINE: T. Rees Shapiro

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 396 words


It's older than the students, and the teachers too. It's even older than the
school building that is its new home.

The 1924 Ford Model T, recently donated to Lake Braddock Secondary School in
Fairfax County, is the oldest car ever donated to the school system.

"We've gotten a couple of '50s; Chevys, Bel Airs," said Chad Maclin, the school
system's program manager for trade and industrial education. "But this is the
oldest we've ever received."

Maclin said the school system receives about 400 to 500 donated cars every year,
with some more exotic than others. (Dodge Caravans? Those ubiquitous suburban
people-movers adored by soccer-moms and taekwondo-dads? "We get those in
droves," Maclin said.)

The most unusual donations include a Range Rover that had traveled twice to the
Arctic Circle, a 1949 Dodge Coronet convertible and a 2007 Toyota Prius driven
for 3 years with more than 400,000 on the odometer. (Woe to that eco-friendly
commuter!)

The 1924 Model T is not pristine, but soon will be, Maclin said. The automotive
technology students at Lake Braddock will complete a 300-point inspection of the
car and refurbish the vehicle into running condition.

Maclin said the car will be used in homecoming parades and will be showcased at
automotive industry competitions.

"Sometimes we get these diamonds and it's good for kids. . . . It's not just
fixing a car, we teach them all aspects of it," Maclin said, including the car's
origins and Ford Motor Company history.

Lisa Shaler-Clark, a Burke resident, donated the Model T to Lake Braddock in
mid-December. The car had been in her late- husband's family for more than a
half-century, since his grandfather purchased the Model T from its original
owner in 1954.

"At that time, it was 30 years old and already considered a classic,"
Shaler-Clark said.

She said that when her family used to live in the Detroit area, they would drive
it in the Woodward Dream Cruise, a classic car rally in Michigan.

Shaler-Clark said she gave it to Lake Braddock, her daughter's alma mater, so
that "another generation of Americans get to play with this great historic car.
. . . The chances kids and teenagers have to work on these cars is getting
scarcer and scarcer."

Maclin estimated that the Model T, once completely refitted by the students,
could be worth as much as $23,000.

Back in 1926, a Ford Model T sold for $310.

shapirot@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 21, 2013 Monday
                                Regional Edition

Holy high bid, Batman! $4.2 million for 1960s car

BYLINE: David Schwartz

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C04

LENGTH: 187 words

DATELINE: PHOENIX


PHOENIX - An Arizona man with a special fondness for caped crusader Batman and
his sidekick Robin bought the original Batmobile driven in the iconic television
series with a bid of $4.2 million at an auction on Saturday.

Rick Champagne, a Phoenix-area logistics company owner, came away with the
futuristic black two-seater featured in the "Batman" series starring Adam West
and Burt Ward from 1966 to 1968, after a flurry of spirited bidding at the
Scottsdale, Ariz., auction.

The Barrett-Jackson auction was the first time the car was put up for public
sale. In addition to the $4.2 million bid price, the buyer will have to pay
roughly $420,000 in premiums.

The Batmobile is based on a 1955 Lincoln Futura, a concept car built in Italy by
the Ford Motor Co.

The car has a V-8 engine and instruments in the steering wheel, plus
then-unusual items such as a push-button transmission. But generations may
remember it best for Bat gadgets added for the series, including a car phone and
the ability to deploy such things as oil, smoke and nails to thwart villains -
not to mention twin rear parachutes for quick Bat turns.

- Reuters

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     January 12, 2013 Saturday 8:13 PM EST

SECTION: A section; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 758 words


EARNINGS          Wells Fargo reports 24% profit increase

Wells Fargo on Friday said fourth-quarter profit rose 24 percent to a record
high as the bank set aside less money to cover bad loans and made more fees from
mortgages.

But net interest margin declined and the bank made fewer mortgage loans than in
the third quarter, and its shares closed down nearly 1 percent.

Wells is the first big U.S. bank to report fourth-quarter results, and its
report illustrates how banks are relying more on fees from mortgages and service
charges to increase revenue.

Wells, the fourth-biggest U.S. bank and the nation's largest home lender, said
fees from mortgages climbed nearly 30 percent from a year ago to $3.1 billion as
homeowners continued to refinance their homes at low interest rates.

In a sign that the refinancing boom could be slowing, the bank's pipeline of
unclosed home loans was $81 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, down from
$97 billion at the end of the third quarter. Wells issued $125 billion in
mortgages during the fourth quarter, compared with $139 billion in the third
quarter.

- Reuters

AUTOMOTIVE          Ford to add 2,200 salaried jobs

Ford plans to hire 2,200 salaried employees in the United States this year, the
most in more than a decade, in an expansion that shows the strength of the
recovery in the second-largest U.S. automaker's home market.

The plan follows the addition of more than 8,100 hourly and salaried jobs last
year, the automaker said Friday. The company's target for salaried-employee
hiring would be the biggest increase since Ford added 3,300 such workers in
2001.

Ford is expanding after U.S. light-vehicle sales gained 13 percent last year to
14.5 million, the best annual total in five years. Ford doubled its quarterly
dividend Thursday after earning a bigger pretax profit in North America during
2012's first nine months than for all of 2011.

- Bloomberg News

Also in Business

l  Hostesshas found a new home for its most popular breads, including the iconic
Wonder bread. The bankrupt maker of Twinkies, Devil Dogs and other snack cakes
said late Friday that it selected bids by rival bakery Flower Foods to buy six
of its bread brands for $390 million. Flower Foods, based in Thomasville, Ga.,
is best known for Tastykakes but also makes breads including Nature's Own and
Cobblestone Mill. Hostess is expected to announce buyers for its famed dessert
cakes in coming weeks.

l  Best Buy's salesstabilized in the United States during the holiday season
after three quarters of declines. Sales at domestic stores open at least 14
months were unchanged in the nine weeks ended Jan. 5, the company said Friday.
Global comparable sales fell 1.4 percent, less than the 2 percent decline that
analysts projected.

l  A group of investorsled by "Grey's Anatomy" star Patrick Dempsey can buy
Tully's Coffee out of bankruptcy, a federal bankruptcy court judge in Seattle
decided Friday. The decision came after Dempsey's group, Starbucks and other
bidders sparred before U.S. Bankruptcy Court Judge Karen Overstreet for the
47-shop chain. In a private auction for the beleaguered Tully's last week,
Tully's management and creditors chose the Dempsey group's $9.15 million bid.
Starbucks and a Philippines company called AgriNurture objected, saying their
combined $10.56 million bid should have been selected. The judge went with
Dempsey's group. While the other bidders may feel the result to be unfair, she
said, "it is what it is, and we do the best we can."

l  Joshua Wrightwas sworn in Friday as the Federal Trade Commission's newest
commissioner. He replaces fellow Republican J. Thomas Rosch, whose term expired
in September. He had served on the commission since 2006. Wright joins the
commission from George Mason University, where he taught law.

l  Appleexpects China to overtake the United States as its biggest market, chief
executive Tim Cook told a Chinese government news agency on a visit to Beijing.
"China is currently our second largest market. I believe it will become our
first. I believe strongly that it will," the Xinhua News Agency quoted Cook as
saying in an interview. The report gave no details of when Cook thought China
might pass the United States.

- From staff reports, news services

Coming Next Week

l  In Sunday Business:The investment outlook.

l  Earnings:JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs, Citigroup and Bank of America report
quarterly results next week.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 12, 2013 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 731 words

EARNINGS

Wells Fargo reports 24% profit increase

Wells Fargo on Friday said fourth-quarter profit rose 24 percent to a record
high as the bank set aside less money to cover bad loans and made more fees from
mortgages.

But net interest margin declined and the bank made fewer mortgage loans than in
the third quarter, and its shares closed down nearly 1 percent.

Wells is the first big U.S. bank to report fourth-quarter results, and its
report illustrates how banks are relying more on fees from mortgages and service
charges to increase revenue.

Wells, the fourth-biggest U.S. bank and the nation's largest home lender, said
fees from mortgages climbed nearly 30 percent from a year ago to $3.1 billion as
homeowners continued to refinance their homes at low interest rates.

In a sign that the refinancing boom could be slowing, the bank's pipeline of
unclosed home loans was $81 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, down from
$97 billion at the end of the third quarter. Wells issued $125 billion in
mortgages during the fourth quarter, compared with $139 billion in the third
quarter.

- Reuters

AUTOMOTIVE

Ford to add 2,200 salaried jobs

 Ford plans to hire 2,200 salaried employees in the United States this year, the
most in more than a decade, in an expansion that shows the strength of the
recovery in the second-largest U.S. automaker's home market.

The plan follows the addition of more than 8,100 hourly and salaried jobs last
year, the automaker said Friday. The company's target for salaried-employee
hiring would be the biggest increase since Ford added 3,300 such workers in
2001.

Ford is expanding after U.S. light-vehicle sales gained 13 percent last year to
14.5 million, the best annual total in five years. Ford doubled its quarterly
dividend Thursday after earning a bigger pretax profit in North America during
2012's first nine months than for all of 2011.

- Bloomberg News

Also in Business

lHostess has found a new home for its most popular breads, including the iconic
Wonder bread. The bankrupt maker of Twinkies, Devil Dogs and other snack cakes
said late Friday that it selected bids by rival bakery Flower Foods to buy six
of its bread brands for $390 million. Flower Foods, based in Thomasville, Ga.,
is best known for Tastykakes but also makes breads including Nature's Own and
Cobblestone Mill. Hostess is expected to announce buyers for its famed dessert
cakes in coming weeks.

lBest Buy's sales stabilized in the United States during the holiday season
after three quarters of declines. Sales at domestic stores open at least 14
months were unchanged in the nine weeks ended Jan. 5, the company said Friday.
Global comparable sales fell 1.4 percent, less than the 2 percent decline that
analysts projected.

lA group of investors led by "Grey's Anatomy" star Patrick Dempsey can buy
Tully's Coffee out of bankruptcy, a federal bankruptcy court judge in Seattle
decided Friday. The decision came after Dempsey's group, Starbucks and other
bidders sparred before U.S. Bankruptcy Court Judge Karen Overstreet for the
47-shop chain. In a private auction for the beleaguered Tully's last week,
Tully's management and creditors chose the Dempsey group's $9.15 million bid.
Starbucks and a Philippines company called AgriNurture objected, saying their
combined $10.56 million bid should have been selected. The judge went with
Dempsey's group. While the other bidders may feel the result to be unfair, she
said, "it is what it is, and we do the best we can."

lJoshua Wright was sworn in Friday as the Federal Trade Commission's newest
commissioner. He replaces fellow Republican J. Thomas Rosch, whose term expired
in September. He had served on the commission since 2006. Wright joins the
commission from George Mason University, where he taught law.

lApple expects China to overtake the United States as its biggest market, chief
executive Tim Cook told a Chinese government news agency on a visit to Beijing.
"China is currently our second largest market. I believe it will become our
first. I believe strongly that it will," the Xinhua News Agency quoted Cook as
saying in an interview. The report gave no details of when Cook thought China
might pass the United States.

- From staff reports, news services

Coming Next Week

lIn Sunday Business: The investment outlook.

lEarnings: JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs, Citigroup and Bank of America report
quarterly results next week.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      January 11, 2013 Friday 8:13 PM EST

Two firms sue Energy Dept., claim cronyism in 'green car' loan program

BYLINE: Carol D. Leonnig

SECTION: A section; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 803 words


An electric car start-up and its sister company sued the  Energy Department on
Thursday, claiming Secretary Steven Chu and his agency awarded money to
politically favored firms and strung along their firms and others in a "fixed"
race for federal funds.

In addition to complaints of cronyism, XP Vehicles and  Limnia said they have
evidence suggesting the Energy Department improperly shared their patented
technology with competing companies that won federal funding.

XP Vehicles had sought a $40 million federal loan in 2009, proposing to make a
lightweight sport-utility vehicle of space-age materials, and was ultimately
rejected. Limnia had devised a rechargeable energy storage system that would
power the car.

The two firms made their complaints of unfair treatment in two separate lawsuits
in Washington, in the U.S. District Court and the federal claims court. They are
seeking total damages of about $675 million.

"XP and Limnia are fighting against the Department of Energy's lack of fairness
in favor of politics, as well as its flagrant abuse of taxpayer dollars to harm
small business and benefit political cronies," said Dan Epstein, executive
director of Cause of Action, a nonprofit watchdog group that helped the sister
companies file their suits. Epstein previously worked as Republican counsel for
the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, which has investigated
several clean-technology loans.

The White House and the Energy Department say all clean energy loans and grants
were decided on the merits, and copious records turned over to congressional
investigators found no evidence of political steering of funds to benefit
President Obama's campaign contributors.

"While the Department does not comment on pending or potential litigation,
multiple investigations spanning almost two years and involving millions of
pages of documents show that decisions made on the Department's loan program
were made solely on the merits after careful review by the Department's
technical experts," agency spokesman Damien LaVera said in a prepared statement.

XP's suits center on the $25 billion Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing
Loan Program, a Bush-era initiative given new life by the Obama administration
in early 2009 after the collapse of the financial markets. The program, which is
run by the Energy Department, invited "green" carmakers to compete for huge,
low-interest government loans that they could use to ramp up production, inside
the United States, of electric and alternative vehicles that would reduce fuel
emissions.

So far, the program has loaned only $8.5 billion of its authorized funds to five
companies, with the lion's share going to Ford Motor Co. to help it produce more
fuel-efficient cars. Two companies that won $1 billion in loans, Tesla Motor and
Fisker Automotive, have come under scrutiny  because their investors or advisers
were prominent Obama political donors and supporters.

"Defendants Chu and [other agency personnel] skewed, manipulated and fixed DOE's
ATVM Loan Program review to protect and advance the business and political
interests of government cronies at XPV's and Limnia's expense," the suit
alleges. "Defendants made ATVM loans only to companies with political clout,
contributions and influence-peddling patrons."

Two separate congressional investigations into a related clean-energy loan
program  found politics were often a consideration in the timing of decisions
and in handling applications, and that some staff felt political pressure to
rush decisions on funding particular companies. Records obtained in the probe
show staff members discussing how the president's most senior advisers,
including Vice President Biden, expressed keen interest in specific applicants.
But  they uncovered no proof that funding decisions were made specifically to
benefit a campaign donor.

XP was proposing construction of electric cars with foam bodies mounted on rigid
frames, which would weigh less than half as much as existing electric cars, use
rechargeable battery packs and cost $20,000, half the price of other electric
vehicles.

XP said that the Energy Department's staff repeatedly assured the company in
2009 that its application was well done and in good shape. In August 2009, the
suit says, department leaders gave inexplicable reasons for denying the
application, such as citing the electric car's failure to use a fuel-efficient
gasoline.

XP leaders said they had shared some of their energy storage technology with the
department under agreement it would not be disclosed. Later, officials with the
company said, they saw their unique work duplicated in presentations by General
Motors and Ford.

Through spokesmen, GM and Ford said they wanted to review the complaint before
deciding whether to comment.

leonnigc@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 11, 2013 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Two firms sue Energy Dept., claim cronyism in 'green car' loan program

BYLINE: Carol D. Leonnig

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 801 words


An electric car start-up and its sister company sued the  Energy Department on
Thursday, claiming Secretary Steven Chu and his agency awarded money to
politically favored firms and strung along their firms and others in a "fixed"
race for federal funds.

In addition to complaints of cronyism, XP Vehicles and  Limnia said they have
evidence suggesting the Energy Department improperly shared their patented
technology with competing companies that won federal funding.

XP Vehicles had sought a $40 million federal loan in 2009, proposing to make a
lightweight sport-utility vehicle of space-age materials, and was ultimately
rejected. Limnia had devised a rechargeable energy storage system that would
power the car.

The two firms made their complaints of unfair treatment in two separate lawsuits
in Washington, in the U.S. District Court and the federal claims court. They are
seeking total damages of about $675 million.

"XP and Limnia are fighting against the Department of Energy's lack of fairness
in favor of politics, as well as its flagrant abuse of taxpayer dollars to harm
small business and benefit political cronies," said Dan Epstein, executive
director of Cause of Action, a nonprofit watchdog group that helped the sister
companies file their suits. Epstein previously worked as Republican counsel for
the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, which has investigated
several clean-technology loans.

The White House and the Energy Department say all clean energy loans and grants
were decided on the merits, and copious records turned over to congressional
investigators found no evidence of political steering of funds to benefit
President Obama's campaign contributors.

"While the Department does not comment on pending or potential litigation,
multiple investigations spanning almost two years and involving millions of
pages of documents show that decisions made on the Department's loan program
were made solely on the merits after careful review by the Department's
technical experts," agency spokesman Damien LaVera said in a prepared statement.

XP's suits center on the $25 billion Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing
Loan Program, a Bush-era initiative given new life by the Obama administration
in early 2009 after the collapse of the financial markets. The program, which is
run by the Energy Department, invited "green" carmakers to compete for huge,
low-interest government loans that they could use to ramp up production, inside
the United States, of electric and alternative vehicles that would reduce fuel
emissions.

So far, the program has loaned only $8.5 billion of its authorized funds to five
companies, with the lion's share going to Ford Motor Co. to help it produce more
fuel-efficient cars. Two companies that won $1 billion in loans, Tesla Motor and
Fisker Automotive, have come under scrutiny  because their investors or advisers
were prominent Obama political donors and supporters.

"Defendants Chu and [other agency personnel] skewed, manipulated and fixed DOE's
ATVM Loan Program review to protect and advance the business and political
interests of government cronies at XPV's and Limnia's expense," the suit
alleges. "Defendants made ATVM loans only to companies with political clout,
contributions and influence-peddling patrons."

Two separate congressional investigations into a related clean-energy loan
program  found politics were often a consideration in the timing of decisions
and in handling applications, and that some staff felt political pressure to
rush decisions on funding particular companies. Records obtained in the probe
show staff members discussing how the president's most senior advisers,
including Vice President Biden, expressed keen interest in specific applicants.
But  they uncovered no proof that funding decisions were made specifically to
benefit a campaign donor.

XP was proposing construction of electric cars with foam bodies mounted on rigid
frames, which would weigh less than half as much as existing electric cars, use
rechargeable battery packs and cost $20,000, half the price of other electric
vehicles.

XP said that the Energy Department's staff repeatedly assured the company in
2009 that its application was well done and in good shape. In August 2009, the
suit says, department leaders gave inexplicable reasons for denying the
application, such as citing the electric car's failure to use a fuel-efficient
gasoline.

XP leaders said they had shared some of their energy storage technology with the
department under agreement it would not be disclosed. Later, officials with the
company said, they saw their unique work duplicated in presentations by General
Motors and Ford.

Through spokesmen, GM and Ford said they wanted to review the complaint before
deciding whether to comment.

leonnigc@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      January 8, 2013 Tuesday 8:13 PM EST

3-D printers could make your desk a factory

BYLINE: Cecilia Kang

SECTION: A section; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 862 words


LAS VEGAS - When Ford wants to try out a new transmission part, an engineer
sends a digital blueprint of the component to a computer, and what happens next
once seemed like the stuff of science fiction.

Inside a device about the size of a microwave oven, a plastic, three-dimensional
version of the component begins to take shape before your eyes. After scanning
the design blueprint, the gadget fuses together a paper-thin layer of plastic
powder. It repeats, putting another layer on top, and then thousands more,
before binding the material together with lasers. A few hours later, out pops
the auto part, ready to be tested.

The cost of such technology: about $1,500.

At such prices, 3-D printers, once an obscure and expensive innovation, are
gaining traction among businesses, with broad implications for manufacturing.
Ford is putting them in the hands of every one of its engineers. NASA uses the
printers to test parts that could eventually make it to space.

And pretty soon, analysts say, they will be showing up in the home office. Just
a few years ago, 3-D printers were as big as industrial refrigerators and cost
hundreds of thousands of dollars each. Now anyone can order one online and put
it on a desk.

That such technology can be offered so cheaply and compactly may be these
gadgets' true breakthrough.

"You can argue this is the democratization of manufacturing," said Carl Howe,
head of consumer research at Yankee Group, a tech research firm. He predicted
that this will be the year when 3-D printers will become inexpensive enough to
gain wider interest from small businesses, colleges and consumers.

"Things that used to require tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars for
plastic molds, you can now do for $1,500 or less," Howe said.

A splash at CES

This is definitely the year that 3-D printing is making a splash at the
International Consumer Electronics Show, the annual bazaar of geek commerce.
Last year, only one 3-D printing company showed up at the CES, which aims to
showcase gadgets you might buy at Best Buy or Amazon, not at industrial supply
stores. This week, four such companies will be there.

One of them - MakerBot, which also supplies devices to Ford - will unveil
Tuesday a new 3-D printer designed to be the most advanced ever offered at a
price that could make it attractive to the home hobbyist.

The online world of hackers and tech enthusiasts is buzzing about how to use
such a powerful tool. Researchers and early adopters have made everything from
cute figurines and jewelry to working bicycles. A lot of iPhone cases are being
custom-made on 3-D printers.

A printable gun?

Some other possibilities have been more controversial.

After the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School, a video proposing the use of
a 3-D printer to make a copy of a gun that fires real bullets went viral on the
Web. University of Texas law student Cody Wilson explained in the video that
what he called the Wiki Weapon would create the "first 3-D printable personal
defense system."

"What's great about the Wiki Weapon is it only needs to be lethal once," Wilson,
who heads a nonprofit called Defense Distributed, says in the video. "We will
have the reality of a weapons system that can be printed out from your desk.
Anywhere there is a computer, there is a weapon."

Rep. Steve Israel (D-N.Y.) said the creation of guns through 3-D printing could
make undetectable plastic firearms too easy to acquire. At a news briefing in
December, he called for the renewal of the Undetectable Firearms Act, which
would include bans on plastic guns and firearms made from 3-D-printed parts.

"It is just a matter of time before these three-dimensional printers will be
able to replicate an entire gun," Israel said. "And that firearm will be able to
be brought through this security line, through the metal detector, and because
there will be no metal to be detected, firearms will be brought on planes
without anyone's knowledge."

Eventually, 3-D printers are expected to make even more complex parts and
machines, or be used in medicine for hip replacements and spinal reconstruction.
That stands to revolutionize far more than home hobbies.

"Before, if you were a manufacturer and you wanted to make a product, you had to
make 10,000 or 100,000 of them; you had to think in terms of the capital it
costs to make that volume," said Bre Pettis, chief executive of MakerBot. "It
takes hours. Now you can iterate on an idea many times in one day and create
huge efficiencies."

And while once such automation primarily threatened to replace workers in
repetitive assembly-line jobs, now these technologies are taking aim at
higher-level jobs that had seemed suitable only for humans.

"A more productive society is good news, and it allows us to have greater
variety and choices," said Andrew McAfee, principal research scientist at MIT's
Center for Digital Business. "What concerns me are the labor-force consequences
of such astonishing changes."

kangc@washpost.com

Sign up today to receive #thecircuit, a daily roundup of the latest tech policy
news from Washington and how it is shaping business, entertainment and science.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 8, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

3-D printers could make your desk a factory

BYLINE: Cecilia Kang

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 853 words

DATELINE: LAS VEGAS


LAS VEGAS - When Ford wants to try out a new transmission part, an engineer
sends a digital blueprint of the component to a computer, and what happens next
once seemed like the stuff of science fiction.

Inside a device about the size of a microwave oven, a plastic, three-dimensional
version of the component begins to take shape before your eyes. After scanning
the design blueprint, the gadget fuses together a paper-thin layer of plastic
powder. It repeats, putting another layer on top, and then thousands more,
before binding the material together with lasers. A few hours later, out pops
the auto part, ready to be tested.

The cost of such technology: about $1,500.

At such prices, 3-D printers, once an obscure and expensive innovation, are
gaining traction among businesses, with broad implications for manufacturing.
Ford is putting them in the hands of every one of its engineers. NASA uses the
printers to test parts that could eventually make it to space.

And pretty soon, analysts say, they will be showing up in the home office. Just
a few years ago, 3-D printers were as big as industrial refrigerators and cost
hundreds of thousands of dollars each. Now anyone can order one online and put
it on a desk.

That such technology can be offered so cheaply and compactly may be these
gadgets' true breakthrough.

"You can argue this is the democratization of manufacturing," said Carl Howe,
head of consumer research at Yankee Group, a tech research firm. He predicted
that this will be the year when 3-D printers will become inexpensive enough to
gain wider interest from small businesses, colleges and consumers.

"Things that used to require tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars for
plastic molds, you can now do for $1,500 or less," Howe said.

A splash at CES

This is definitely the year that 3-D printing is making a splash at the
International Consumer Electronics Show, the annual bazaar of geek commerce.
Last year, only one 3-D printing company showed up at the CES, which aims to
showcase gadgets you might buy at Best Buy or Amazon, not at industrial supply
stores. This week, four such companies will be there.

One of them - MakerBot, which also supplies devices to Ford - will unveil
Tuesday a new 3-D printer designed to be the most advanced ever offered at a
price that could make it attractive to the home hobbyist.

The online world of hackers and tech enthusiasts is buzzing about how to use
such a powerful tool. Researchers and early adopters have made everything from
cute figurines and jewelry to working bicycles. A lot of iPhone cases are being
custom-made on 3-D printers.

A printable gun?

Some other possibilities have been more controversial.

After the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School, a video proposing the use of
a 3-D printer to make a copy of a gun that fires real bullets went viral on the
Web. University of Texas law student Cody Wilson explained in the video that
what he called the Wiki Weapon would create the "first 3-D printable personal
defense system."

"What's great about the Wiki Weapon is it only needs to be lethal once," Wilson,
who heads a nonprofit called Defense Distributed, says in the video. "We will
have the reality of a weapons system that can be printed out from your desk.
Anywhere there is a computer, there is a weapon."

Rep. Steve Israel (D-N.Y.) said the creation of guns through 3-D printing could
make undetectable plastic firearms too easy to acquire. At a news briefing in
December, he called for the renewal of the Undetectable Firearms Act, which
would include bans on plastic guns and firearms made from 3-D-printed parts.

"It is just a matter of time before these three-dimensional printers will be
able to replicate an entire gun," Israel said. "And that firearm will be able to
be brought through this security line, through the metal detector, and because
there will be no metal to be detected, firearms will be brought on planes
without anyone's knowledge."

Eventually, 3-D printers are expected to make even more complex parts and
machines, or be used in medicine for hip replacements and spinal reconstruction.
That stands to revolutionize far more than home hobbies.

"Before, if you were a manufacturer and you wanted to make a product, you had to
make 10,000 or 100,000 of them; you had to think in terms of the capital it
costs to make that volume," said Bre Pettis, chief executive of MakerBot. "It
takes hours. Now you can iterate on an idea many times in one day and create
huge efficiencies."

And while once such automation primarily threatened to replace workers in
repetitive assembly-line jobs, now these technologies are taking aim at
higher-level jobs that had seemed suitable only for humans.

"A more productive society is good news, and it allows us to have greater
variety and choices," said Andrew McAfee, principal research scientist at MIT's
Center for Digital Business. "What concerns me are the labor-force consequences
of such astonishing changes."

kangc@washpost.com

Sign up today to receive #thecircuit, a daily roundup of the latest tech policy
news from Washington and how it is shaping business, entertainment and science.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      December 7, 2012 Friday 8:12 PM EST

SECTION: A section; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 903 words


technology          Judge urges Apple, Samsung 'peace'

A federal judge Thursday appeared ready to trim millions from a $1.05 billion
jury verdict that Apple won over Samsung Electronics this summer as she urged
the top two smartphone companies to settle their myriad legal actions around the
world.

U.S. District Judge Lucy Koh said she would issue a series of rulings over the
next several weeks resolving the many legal issues raised at the hearing
Thursday.

Samsung is seeking a new trial or a reduction of the verdict that resulted from
a lawsuit Apple filed in 2011.

Apple, on the other hand, urged the judge to add millions more to the award and
permanently ban the U.S. sales of eight Samsung smartphone models that a jury in
August said illegally used Apple technology.

Koh gave no indication on how she would rule on the sales ban request.

Apple filed a second lawsuit earlier this year, alleging that Samsung's newer
products are unfairly using Apple's technology. That's set for trial in 2014. In
addition, the two companies are locked in legal battles in several other
countries.

"I think it's time for global peace," Koh said at an end of a nearly four-hour
hearing.

- Associated Press

AUTOMOTIVE          Ford hybrid mileagenumbers doubted

Ford's C-Max and Fusion hybrids fell about 20 percent short of fuel economy
claims, Consumer Reports magazine said after running tests on both models.

The magazine said that the Fusion hybrid delivered 39 mpg both on the highway
and in city driving, while the C-Max hit a combined 37 mpg. Both models were
expected to achieve about 47 mpg, according to estimates from Ford and the
Environmental Protection Agency.

"These two vehicles have the largest discrepancy between our overall mpg results
and the estimates published by the EPA that we've seen among any current
models," Consumer Reports said in a blog post on its Web site.

Driving aggressively and other factors can undercut the fuel economy estimated
by the EPA. In a statement, Ford said C-Max and Fusion hybrid drivers reported a
range of fuel-economy figures, including some that surpassed 47 mpg.

"This reinforces the fact that driving styles, driving conditions and other
factors can cause mileage to vary," Ford spokesman Wes Sherwood said.

Consumer Reports said that among current models, more than 80 percent of the
vehicles it tested were within two miles per gallon of the estimates. The Fusion
hybrid fell short by 8 mpg, while the C-Max was off by 10 mpg.

The Fusion hybrid still has the best fuel economy of any family sedan tested by
Consumer Reports. The C-Max hybrid is second behind Toyota's Prius V.

- Reuters

Also in Business

l  BMWis recalling nearly 250,000 X5 sport-utility vehicles worldwide because a
bolt can break and cause the loss of power-assisted steering. The recall affects
X5 xDrive 35d models with diesel engines from the 2009 through 2012 model years.
The  National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said the bolt holding a belt
pulley can loosen and break. If that should happen, the SUVs could lose
power-assisted steering, increasing the risk of a crash. So far, no crashes or
injuries have been reported from the problem in the United States and Canada.

l  Californiasued Delta Airlines on Thursday, alleging the Atlanta-based company
is breaking state law by not warning users that the airline is collecting
sensitive information each time customers contact the company on its "Fly Delta"
mobile application. Attorney General Kamala Harris filed the suit in San
Francisco Superior Court in the first legal test of the state's 8-year-old
Online Privacy Protection Act. California is the only state with such a law,
which requires companies to prominently notify users of their mobile apps about
what personally identifiable information is being collected and how it will be
used.

l  Online games company Zynga said it has asked Nevada gambling regulators for a
decision that could pave the way for it to enter the U.S. gambling market. This
follows Zynga's October disclosure that it has signed a deal to offer online
poker and casino games, played with real money, in Britain. It plans to launch
those games in the first half of 2013. Zynga said Wednesday that it is seeking
an "application for a preliminary finding of suitability" from the Nevada Gaming
Control Board. This, the company says, is part of its plan to enter regulated
"real-money gaming," that is, gambling markets.

l  Walt Disneyopened an expanded section of its Magic Kingdom on Thursday with
the aim of drawing more visitors to a Florida park battling stagnant attendance
for the past five years. Disney World employees at the Dumbo the Flying Elephant
ride now hand out pagers to guests, who can take children to an air-conditioned
play area until their turn comes. Customers are also able to purchase beer and
wine in the park for the first time at a new restaurant modeled after the
animated movie "Beauty and the Beast." The changes to the Fantasyland area,
estimated by Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. to cost $300 million, mark the biggest
expansion in the 41-year history of Disney's Magic Kingdom near Orlando.

- From news services

Coming Today

l  8:30 a.m.:November jobs report.

economy

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 7, 2012 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 861 words

technology

Judge urges Apple, Samsung 'peace'

A federal judge Thursday appeared ready to trim millions from a $1.05 billion
jury verdict that Apple won over Samsung Electronics this summer as she urged
the top two smartphone companies to settle their myriad legal actions around the
world.

U.S. District Judge Lucy Koh said she would issue a series of rulings over the
next several weeks resolving the many legal issues raised at the hearing
Thursday.

Samsung is seeking a new trial or a reduction of the verdict that resulted from
a lawsuit Apple filed in 2011.

Apple, on the other hand, urged the judge to add millions more to the award and
permanently ban the U.S. sales of eight Samsung smartphone models that a jury in
August said illegally used Apple technology.

Koh gave no indication on how she would rule on the sales ban request.

Apple filed a second lawsuit earlier this year, alleging that Samsung's newer
products are unfairly using Apple's technology. That's set for trial in 2014. In
addition, the two companies are locked in legal battles in several other
countries.

"I think it's time for global peace," Koh said at an end of a nearly four-hour
hearing.

- Associated Press

AUTOMOTIVE

Ford hybrid mileagenumbers doubted

Ford's C-Max and Fusion hybrids fell about 20 percent short of fuel economy
claims, Consumer Reports magazine said after running tests on both models.

The magazine said that the Fusion hybrid delivered 39 mpg both on the highway
and in city driving, while the C-Max hit a combined 37 mpg. Both models were
expected to achieve about 47 mpg, according to estimates from Ford and the
Environmental Protection Agency.

"These two vehicles have the largest discrepancy between our overall mpg results
and the estimates published by the EPA that we've seen among any current
models," Consumer Reports said in a blog post on its Web site.

Driving aggressively and other factors can undercut the fuel economy estimated
by the EPA. In a statement, Ford said C-Max and Fusion hybrid drivers reported a
range of fuel-economy figures, including some that surpassed 47 mpg.

"This reinforces the fact that driving styles, driving conditions and other
factors can cause mileage to vary," Ford spokesman Wes Sherwood said.

Consumer Reports said that among current models, more than 80 percent of the
vehicles it tested were within two miles per gallon of the estimates. The Fusion
hybrid fell short by 8 mpg, while the C-Max was off by 10 mpg.

The Fusion hybrid still has the best fuel economy of any family sedan tested by
Consumer Reports. The C-Max hybrid is second behind Toyota's Prius V.

- Reuters

Also in Business

lBMW is recalling nearly 250,000 X5 sport-utility vehicles worldwide because a
bolt can break and cause the loss of power-assisted steering. The recall affects
X5 xDrive 35d models with diesel engines from the 2009 through 2012 model years.
The  National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said the bolt holding a belt
pulley can loosen and break. If that should happen, the SUVs could lose
power-assisted steering, increasing the risk of a crash. So far, no crashes or
injuries have been reported from the problem in the United States and Canada.

lCalifornia sued Delta Airlines on Thursday, alleging the Atlanta-based company
is breaking state law by not warning users that the airline is collecting
sensitive information each time customers contact the company on its "Fly Delta"
mobile application. Attorney General Kamala Harris filed the suit in San
Francisco Superior Court in the first legal test of the state's 8-year-old
Online Privacy Protection Act. California is the only state with such a law,
which requires companies to prominently notify users of their mobile apps about
what personally identifiable information is being collected and how it will be
used.

lOnline games company Zynga  said it has asked Nevada gambling regulators for a
decision that could pave the way for it to enter the U.S. gambling market. This
follows Zynga's October disclosure that it has signed a deal to offer online
poker and casino games, played with real money, in Britain. It plans to launch
those games in the first half of 2013. Zynga said Wednesday that it is seeking
an "application for a preliminary finding of suitability" from the Nevada Gaming
Control Board. This, the company says, is part of its plan to enter regulated
"real-money gaming," that is, gambling markets.

lWalt Disney opened an expanded section of its Magic Kingdom on Thursday with
the aim of drawing more visitors to a Florida park battling stagnant attendance
for the past five years. Disney World employees at the Dumbo the Flying Elephant
ride now hand out pagers to guests, who can take children to an air-conditioned
play area until their turn comes. Customers are also able to purchase beer and
wine in the park for the first time at a new restaurant modeled after the
animated movie "Beauty and the Beast." The changes to the Fantasyland area,
estimated by Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. to cost $300 million, mark the biggest
expansion in the 41-year history of Disney's Magic Kingdom near Orlando.

- From news services

Coming Today

l8:30 a.m.: November jobs report.

economy

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 31, 2012 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Despite declines in Europe, Ford reports a $1.63 billion profit

BYLINE: Dee-Ann Durbin

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 819 words

DATELINE: DEARBORN, MICH.


DEARBORN, Mich. - Europe may have lost its appetite for new cars, but buyers in
North America and China propelled Ford to a better-than-expected profit in the
third quarter.

Ford Motor Co. earned $1.63 billion, down only slightly from a year earlier,
despite lower worldwide sales and bigger European losses. It was the company's
best performance ever in the third quarter.

Ford said Tuesday that its per-share net income was unchanged at 41 cents.
Excluding one-time items, such as severance payouts, Ford earned 40 cents per
share, beating Wall Street's forecast of 30 cents, according to FactSet.

Ford reported a $2.3 billion pretax profit in North America, its best
performance since the company began reporting separate North American results 12
years ago. The region has been profitable for three years now, after a grueling
restructuring that saw thousands of job cuts, plant closures and the accelerated
development of new products such as the Focus sedan. That restructuring is now
Ford's blueprint for Europe, which is expected to drag down results this year
and next.

"We know what it takes to have a healthy business," said Chief Financial Officer
Bob Shanks.

Ford's revenue fell 3 percent to $32.1 billion as vehicle sales dropped
worldwide, but the company still exceeded Wall Street's revenue forecast. That
was because of North America, where revenue jumped 8 percent to $19.5 billion,
helped by higher pricing and increased sales of more profitable trucks and
sport-utility vehicles such as the Ford Explorer.

It was the third quarter in a row that the company has made more than $2 billion
in North America and has reported an operating margin of 10 percent or more.
Ford's North American operating margin was 12 percent in the third quarter.

"To me, the story isn't just the results but the consistency of the results,"
Shanks said.

It's also impressive because the third quarter is typically a slower period.
Summer production shutdowns cut into profits, while fall launches of new cars
can hurt sales of older cars still in showrooms.

Shanks said the 12 percent rate is not likely to be repeated in the fourth
quarter, when automakers typically spend more on holiday ads. Ford also saw a
gain from commodity hedging that might not be repeated.

Ford's U.S. market share actually fell from a year earlier. Japanese automakers
regained their footing after the 2011 earthquake, and Ford stopped selling the
Ranger pickup and Crown Victoria sedan, which had strong sales last fall. Shanks
said Ford is optimistic that its share will grow in the fourth quarter, as new
versions of the Fusion sedan and Escape small SUV arrive at dealerships. But he
said Ford won't go back to its old habit of gaining share by heavily discounting
its vehicles or dumping them into rental-car fleets.

North American sales were up 3 percent. But more important, Ford made more money
on every vehicle it sold as customers paid more for features such as inflatable
seat belts. The company also spent less on incentives. Car buying site
TrueCar.com said U.S. buyers paid an average of $32,115 for a new Ford in the
third quarter, up more than $300 from the same time last year.

The company lost $468 million in Europe, where sales have fallen sharply because
of its troubled economy. Ford's European sales were down nearly 15 percent in
September compared with a year earlier, worse than the 10.8 percent drop for all
brands, according to Acea, the European carmakers' association. Shanks said Ford
is losing market share because it's not matching competitors' aggressive
incentives in Europe.

The company hopes to stem its losses by introducing 15 new vehicles to Europe in
the next five years, including the iconic Mustang sports car. It also announced
last week that it plans to close three European factories by 2014, affecting
6,200 employees. Meanwhile, the company expects to lose more than $1.5 billion
both this year and next year in Europe. It doesn't expect to return to
profitability in the region until the middle of the decade.

Ford earned $45 million in its Asia-Pacific region, reversing a loss from a year
earlier. It's the first profit there since the second quarter of 2011.

Shanks said a big investment in new plants and products for Asia is paying off.
Ford reached its highest-ever market share in China in the third quarter, at 3.6
percent. That was up from 2.8 percent a year earlier.

Sales of the Focus small car are now higher in Ford's Asia-Pacific region than
in the United States or Europe. Ford sold 86,000 Focus sedans in the
Asia-Pacific region in the third quarter, up 79 percent from last year. By
comparison, North American Focus sales were up 30 percent to 65,000 and European
sales were down 18 percent to 74,000.

Ford made $9 million in South America in the third quarter, down $267 million
from last year, as it phased out some older products and was hit by unfavorable
exchange rates.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      October 28, 2012 Sunday 8:12 PM EST

SECTION: Metro; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 259 words


the District          Car chased by police hits two Metrobuses

A car that had been pursued by police struck two Metrobuses in Northwest
Washington on Saturday night, a Metro spokesman said.

The car hit the front of one bus and the rear of another on New Hampshire Avenue
NW, said Metro spokesman Dan Stessel. Both buses were on the 64 route, headed in
different directions.

One area resident reported hearing a loud bang, and then seeing the car heavily
damaged. Its engine had apparently come to rest on the street, the resident
said.

The car's driver was taken to a hospital and about 10 bus passengers were being
evaluated, Stessel said.

- Clarence Williams

and Martin Weil

VIRGINIA          Road rage incident leaves driver dead

A man involved in a road-rage incident was killed after trying to climb through
the window of a vehicle and then falling beneath its wheels, Prince William
County police said.

Brian D. Samf, 47, was driving west on Yates Road in Fairfax County about 4 p.m.
Friday when he allegedly began tailgating a pickup truck, said Prince William
police spokesman Jonathan Perok.

The vehicles stopped side by side at a traffic light as they entered Prince
William County.

The spokesman said Samf jumped out of his car and tried to climb through the
Ford's window. The Ford moved forward and Samf fell, police said. Samf was taken
to a nearby hospital, where he died.

No charges have been filed against the driver of the Ford.

- Rebecca Cohen

- Rebecca Cohen

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 28, 2012 Sunday
                                 Met 2 Edition

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 242 words

the District

Car chased by police hits two Metrobuses

A car that had been pursued by police struck two Metrobuses in Northwest
Washington on Saturday night, a Metro spokesman said.

The car hit the front of one bus and the rear of another on New Hampshire Avenue
NW, said Metro spokesman Dan Stessel. Both buses were on the 64 route, headed in
different directions.

One area resident reported hearing a loud bang, and then seeing the car heavily
damaged. Its engine had apparently come to rest on the street, the resident
said.

The car's driver was taken to a hospital and about 10 bus passengers were being
evaluated, Stessel said.

- Clarence Williams

and Martin Weil

VIRGINIA

Road rage incident leaves driver dead

A man involved in a road-rage incident was killed after trying to climb through
the window of a vehicle and then falling beneath its wheels, Prince William
County police said.

Brian D. Samf, 47, was driving west on Yates Road in Fairfax County about 4 p.m.
Friday when he allegedly began tailgating a pickup truck, said Prince William
police spokesman Jonathan Perok.

The vehicles stopped side by side at a traffic light as they entered Prince
William County.

The spokesman said Samf jumped out of his car and tried to climb through the
Ford's window. The Ford moved forward and Samf fell, police said. Samf was taken
to a nearby hospital, where he died.

No charges have been filed against the driver of the Ford.

- Rebecca Cohen

- Rebecca Cohen

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     October 25, 2012 Thursday 8:12 PM EST

Ford closing auto factory in Belgium

BYLINE: Howard Schneider

SECTION: A section; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 648 words


The small industrial city of Genk, Belgium, prospered along with the rest of
Europe after World War II, first through its rich coal deposits and later when
global businesses such as  Ford Motor Co. set up shop in the 1960s.

The coal mines have long since closed. And on Wednesday, Ford said it would
shutter its half-century-old Genk plant - a blow for a region battling
record-high unemployment and a sign of the longer-term challenges that could
make Europe a drag on the world economy for years to come.

Attracted to a rich market that was a mainstay of the industrial world, American
and other carmakers invested heavily in Europe - in Ford's case, establishing
five plants in four nations of what is now the euro zone. They are now adjusting
to a market where sales have collapsed, wages have been pushed above world
standards and factories are operating far below capacity.

"This is a reality-check moment" for the auto industry in Europe, IHS Automotive
analyst Ian Fletcher said, projecting that three other factories may close in
the next year or two, including a major Peugeot facility near Paris. "They are
just leaking money."

Recent actions by the European Central Bank appear to have calmed fears about a
crackup of the euro currency union. But it has done little to stem the tide of
bad economic news, including another downturn on Wednesday in an index that
measures corporate purchasing plans.

Ford officials said they will hold talks with the Belgian government, as
required under local labor laws, before closing the plant and eliminating
roughly 4,300 jobs. Local reports from the Flanders region said that several
thousand related jobs were also at risk, particularly among suppliers whose
businesses were closely integrated with the Ford plant.

Though some of the plant's production may be shifted to other factories,
including one in Valencia in the recession-hit nation of Spain, auto industry
and other analysts said there will likely be few job gains at those other
facilities because they are running so far below capacity.

After two recessions since 2008 and a lingering financial crisis, vehicle sales
throughout Europe have fallen about 20 percent from their 2007 peak.
Once-vibrant auto industries in countries such as Spain have shed employees by
the tens of thousands, while other nationally important companies, such as
French automaker Peugeot, have turned to government help, including a $7 billion
loan guarantee announced Wednesday.

Ford officials said that as they reviewed their investments in Europe, they saw
little hope of a rebound. Ford Europe managed to stay profitable during the
continent's first financial crisis and recession but is expected to lose a
billion dollars this year as the euro zone continues to slump.

"Everybody has overcapacity . . . and that problem has been kicked down the
road," said Ford spokesman Mark Truby. "The recovery will be slow and gradual."

The Genk plant produced about 430,000 Ford Mondeo and Galaxy vehicles in 2001,
according to IHS's Fletcher. This year's production is expected to be 140,000.

The Ford announcement comes amid a broader restructuring of investment in Europe
as companies, banks, pension funds and others assess the fate of a region
struggling to keep its currency union intact while facing prolonged slow growth.
Just as American money-market and other investment funds pulled away from
European government bonds - a run from what was seen as high-risk government
debt in countries such as Greece and Portugal - American and other companies are
cutting back to match lowered expectations.

Japanese automakers have largely based their plants in Eastern Europe, Fletcher
said, taking advantage of cheaper labor and more efficient factories. The German
auto industry remains strong but has benefited from strong exports of luxury
brands such as Mercedes-Benz and BMW, to China.

schneiderh@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 25, 2012 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Ford closing auto factory in Belgium

BYLINE: Howard Schneider

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 648 words


The small industrial city of Genk, Belgium, prospered along with the rest of
Europe after World War II, first through its rich coal deposits and later when
global businesses such as  Ford Motor Co. set up shop in the 1960s.

The coal mines have long since closed. And on Wednesday, Ford said it would
shutter its half-century-old Genk plant - a blow for a region battling
record-high unemployment and a sign of the longer-term challenges that could
make Europe a drag on the world economy for years to come.

Attracted to a rich market that was a mainstay of the industrial world, American
and other carmakers invested heavily in Europe - in Ford's case, establishing
five plants in four nations of what is now the euro zone. They are now adjusting
to a market where sales have collapsed, wages have been pushed above world
standards and factories are operating far below capacity.

"This is a reality-check moment" for the auto industry in Europe, IHS Automotive
analyst Ian Fletcher said, projecting that three other factories may close in
the next year or two, including a major Peugeot facility near Paris. "They are
just leaking money."

Recent actions by the European Central Bank appear to have calmed fears about a
crackup of the euro currency union. But it has done little to stem the tide of
bad economic news, including another downturn on Wednesday in an index that
measures corporate purchasing plans.

Ford officials said they will hold talks with the Belgian government, as
required under local labor laws, before closing the plant and eliminating
roughly 4,300 jobs. Local reports from the Flanders region said that several
thousand related jobs were also at risk, particularly among suppliers whose
businesses were closely integrated with the Ford plant.

Though some of the plant's production may be shifted to other factories,
including one in Valencia in the recession-hit nation of Spain, auto industry
and other analysts said there will likely be few job gains at those other
facilities because they are running so far below capacity.

After two recessions since 2008 and a lingering financial crisis, vehicle sales
throughout Europe have fallen about 20 percent from their 2007 peak.
Once-vibrant auto industries in countries such as Spain have shed employees by
the tens of thousands, while other nationally important companies, such as
French automaker Peugeot, have turned to government help, including a $7 billion
loan guarantee announced Wednesday.

Ford officials said that as they reviewed their investments in Europe, they saw
little hope of a rebound. Ford Europe managed to stay profitable during the
continent's first financial crisis and recession but is expected to lose a
billion dollars this year as the euro zone continues to slump.

"Everybody has overcapacity . . . and that problem has been kicked down the
road," said Ford spokesman Mark Truby. "The recovery will be slow and gradual."

The Genk plant produced about 430,000 Ford Mondeo and Galaxy vehicles in 2001,
according to IHS's Fletcher. This year's production is expected to be 140,000.

The Ford announcement comes amid a broader restructuring of investment in Europe
as companies, banks, pension funds and others assess the fate of a region
struggling to keep its currency union intact while facing prolonged slow growth.
Just as American money-market and other investment funds pulled away from
European government bonds - a run from what was seen as high-risk government
debt in countries such as Greece and Portugal - American and other companies are
cutting back to match lowered expectations.

Japanese automakers have largely based their plants in Eastern Europe, Fletcher
said, taking advantage of cheaper labor and more efficient factories. The German
auto industry remains strong but has benefited from strong exports of luxury
brands such as Mercedes-Benz and BMW, to China.

schneiderh@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      October 15, 2012 Monday 8:12 PM EST

John Rogers: Hotel executive focuses on the top-and the bottom

SECTION: ; Pg. A24

LENGTH: 584 words


Position: Global head of Embassy Suites Hotels, a McLean hotel company that is a
division of Hilton Worldwide.

Raised in Wales, John Rogers developed a passion for marketing after studying at
the London School of Economics. He started out working on branding campaigns for
small and mid-size business. He eventually landed at Ford Motor Co., where he
experienced a defining moment in his career: leading the rollout of the Ford
Focus in the United Kingdom. From there, he moved to the hospitality industry
with executive positions at Whitbread and Hilton U.K.

What distinguishes your leadership style?

Making sure whatever you're doing is relevant to people in terms of what they do
day-to-day. What's relevant to a vice president of marketing may or may not be
relevant to a team member working in one of our restaurants in another country.
You have to put together a vision and structure on how that vision is
implemented that is relevant to different people at different levels.

For example?

When we were working on Costa Coffee, which competes with Starbucks in the U.K.,
we worked really hard to understand what motivates people to make a purchase. It
goes beyond coffee to an understanding of how people want to spend time and how
they use coffee shops effectively as an alternative place to spend time. For us,
that would translate into all kinds of things, such as store design. Once you're
clear on the consumer motivations around a brand, you can use that knowledge to
influence every aspect of the brand including how you deliver service, a
physical product and the marketing communications and advertising.

What are some common mistakes businesses might make in the hospitality industry?

Hotel keepers tend to assume they know what people want. What you find is that
hotels will spend time doing things and investing in things that consumers don't
particularly value. The focus should be giving people what they want. And do
those things really well, rather than doing a load of things that people don't
particularly value and ultimately charging people for it.

How has your leadership evolved over the years?

One of the most inspirational guys I've worked for was a chief executive who now
runs a big domestic gaming company in the U.K. He told me that what matters most
is a clear vision and then you need to pay attention to the details. It's not
about micromanaging people or sitting with people everyday. But when you do sit
with them, you take the time to understand the details of what they're proposing
and wanting to get done. And if you satisfy yourself while doing that, and the
broad direction is in line with your strategy, then to some extent the middle
takes care of itself and you don't need to fuss over them every day. From a
leadership perspective, take care of the top, and the bottom and the middle will
take care of itself.

Which business book had the most influence on you?

I attended a week-long marketing strategy conference at Duke University toward
the end of my time at Ford. I saw a guy named James Gilmore speak, who wrote a
book called "The Experience Economy," which talks about the difference between
consumer experiences and products and services. It really helped me understand
that every interaction with a hospitality brand - whether checking in, dining in
the restaurant, watching an ad on television - all of those things are wholly
relevant to the brand. He changed the way I thought about marketing 10 years
ago.

- Interview with Vanessa Small

smallv@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      October 15, 2012 Monday 8:12 PM EST

Making a switch from cars to hospitality

SECTION: A section; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 531 words


I was brought up in a small, remote town in West Wales. I went to school with a
wide variety of people, from children who lived on remote hills to children
whose parents were university professors. It taught me how to get along with
people of all walks of life. One of the great things of working in hospitality
is you deal with all kinds of different people.

I developed an interest in marketing during college. I became passionate about
understanding what motivates consumers and how it drives consumer behavior. I
coupled that with a lot of experience working with businesses and franchisees
over the years on branding and marketing campaigns.

I eventually landed at Ford Motor Co., which gave me a terrifically broad
commercial grounding. The most defining moment of my time there was spearheading
the launch of the Ford Focus in the U.K.

Ford Escort, which predates the Focus, was very successful but getting very
tired. We decided to change the name and launch Ford Focus. It was really
critical. It needed to be established as the number one best-selling car in the
U.K. Anything else would've been a failure.

And we succeeded.

Through a combination of the usual levers around marketing and a huge amount of
work with the way the car was positioned at the dealers, we made Ford Focus
something special.

It went from a standing start to being the best-selling car in the U.K. in the
first year.

Because I had previously worked on the ground with dealers optimizing their
performance, I had a great understanding of how to get dealers to react
positively to initiatives from corporate.

I learned that when you're working in a corporate center, it's very important
that you understand the day-to-day realities of the people on the ground running
the business.

I eventually switched across to the hospitality industry. In a sense, a hotel is
like a theater show every day.

You have the stage, which is the hotel itself, and all the employees, which are
the actors on stage. The consumer's experience living there defines the brand in
the consumer's mind.

The next key milestone was joining the management executive committee at De Vere
Group, which taught me a lot about moving from management to leadership.

Then I joined the operational side of Hilton in 2007. That taught me a lot about
the day-to-day pressures of running hotels and the day-to-day priorities owners
have around their commercial returns.

Now at Embassy Suites, my objective is to grow it to more than 300 outlets in
the United States.

We can only do that if our partners and owners are commercially successful and
by giving our guests what they want.

- Interview with Vanessa Small

John Rogers

Position: Global head of Embassy Suites Hotels, a hotel company that is a brand
of McLean-based Hilton Worldwide.

Career highlights: Regional vice president, Hilton U.K.; sales and marketing
director, De Vere Group; marketing director, Costa Coffee; director of
marketing, Whitbread; brand manager on the Ford Focus U.K. launch, Ford Motor
Co.

Age: 45

Education: BSc, management sciences, London School of Economics.

Personal: Lives in Vienna with his wife and two children, ages 8 and 10.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 15, 2012 Monday
                                 Every Edition

John Rogers: Hotel executive focuses on the top-and the bottom

SECTION: Pg. A24

LENGTH: 584 words


Position: Global head of Embassy Suites Hotels, a McLean hotel company that is a
division of Hilton Worldwide.

Raised in Wales, John Rogers developed a passion for marketing after studying at
the London School of Economics. He started out working on branding campaigns for
small and mid-size business. He eventually landed at Ford Motor Co., where he
experienced a defining moment in his career: leading the rollout of the Ford
Focus in the United Kingdom. From there, he moved to the hospitality industry
with executive positions at Whitbread and Hilton U.K.

What distinguishes your leadership style?

Making sure whatever you're doing is relevant to people in terms of what they do
day-to-day. What's relevant to a vice president of marketing may or may not be
relevant to a team member working in one of our restaurants in another country.
You have to put together a vision and structure on how that vision is
implemented that is relevant to different people at different levels.

For example?

When we were working on Costa Coffee, which competes with Starbucks in the U.K.,
we worked really hard to understand what motivates people to make a purchase. It
goes beyond coffee to an understanding of how people want to spend time and how
they use coffee shops effectively as an alternative place to spend time. For us,
that would translate into all kinds of things, such as store design. Once you're
clear on the consumer motivations around a brand, you can use that knowledge to
influence every aspect of the brand including how you deliver service, a
physical product and the marketing communications and advertising.

What are some common mistakes businesses might make in the hospitality industry?

Hotel keepers tend to assume they know what people want. What you find is that
hotels will spend time doing things and investing in things that consumers don't
particularly value. The focus should be giving people what they want. And do
those things really well, rather than doing a load of things that people don't
particularly value and ultimately charging people for it.

How has your leadership evolved over the years?

One of the most inspirational guys I've worked for was a chief executive who now
runs a big domestic gaming company in the U.K. He told me that what matters most
is a clear vision and then you need to pay attention to the details. It's not
about micromanaging people or sitting with people everyday. But when you do sit
with them, you take the time to understand the details of what they're proposing
and wanting to get done. And if you satisfy yourself while doing that, and the
broad direction is in line with your strategy, then to some extent the middle
takes care of itself and you don't need to fuss over them every day. From a
leadership perspective, take care of the top, and the bottom and the middle will
take care of itself.

Which business book had the most influence on you?

I attended a week-long marketing strategy conference at Duke University toward
the end of my time at Ford. I saw a guy named James Gilmore speak, who wrote a
book called "The Experience Economy," which talks about the difference between
consumer experiences and products and services. It really helped me understand
that every interaction with a hospitality brand - whether checking in, dining in
the restaurant, watching an ad on television - all of those things are wholly
relevant to the brand. He changed the way I thought about marketing 10 years
ago.

- Interview with Vanessa Small

smallv@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             100 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 15, 2012 Monday
                                Regional Edition

Making a switch from cars to hospitality

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 522 words


I was brought up in a small, remote town in West Wales. I went to school with a
wide variety of people, from children who lived on remote hills to children
whose parents were university professors. It taught me how to get along with
people of all walks of life. One of the great things of working in hospitality
is you deal with all kinds of different people.

I developed an interest in marketing during college. I became passionate about
understanding what motivates consumers and how it drives consumer behavior. I
coupled that with a lot of experience working with businesses and franchisees
over the years on branding and marketing campaigns.

I eventually landed at Ford Motor Co., which gave me a terrifically broad
commercial grounding. The most defining moment of my time there was spearheading
the launch of the Ford Focus in the U.K.

Ford Escort, which predates the Focus, was very successful but getting very
tired. We decided to change the name and launch Ford Focus. It was really
critical. It needed to be established as the number one best-selling car in the
U.K. Anything else would've been a failure.

And we succeeded.

Through a combination of the usual levers around marketing and a huge amount of
work with the way the car was positioned at the dealers, we made Ford Focus
something special.

It went from a standing start to being the best-selling car in the U.K. in the
first year.

Because I had previously worked on the ground with dealers optimizing their
performance, I had a great understanding of how to get dealers to react
positively to initiatives from corporate.

I learned that when you're working in a corporate center, it's very important
that you understand the day-to-day realities of the people on the ground running
the business.

I eventually switched across to the hospitality industry. In a sense, a hotel is
like a theater show every day.

You have the stage, which is the hotel itself, and all the employees, which are
the actors on stage. The consumer's experience living there defines the brand in
the consumer's mind.

The next key milestone was joining the management executive committee at De Vere
Group, which taught me a lot about moving from management to leadership.

Then I joined the operational side of Hilton in 2007. That taught me a lot about
the day-to-day pressures of running hotels and the day-to-day priorities owners
have around their commercial returns.

Now at Embassy Suites, my objective is to grow it to more than 300 outlets in
the United States.

We can only do that if our partners and owners are commercially successful and
by giving our guests what they want.

- Interview with Vanessa Small

John Rogers

Position: Global head of Embassy Suites Hotels, a hotel company that is a brand
of McLean-based Hilton Worldwide.

Career highlights: Regional vice president, Hilton U.K.; sales and marketing
director, De Vere Group; marketing director, Costa Coffee; director of
marketing, Whitbread; brand manager on the Ford Focus U.K. launch, Ford Motor
Co.

Age: 45

Education: BSc, management sciences, London School of Economics.

Personal: Lives in Vienna with his wife and two children, ages 8 and 10.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                             Washington Post Blogs
                                 Election 2012

                     October 11, 2012 Thursday 2:16 AM EST

In Ohio, mixed emotions but few changed minds

BYLINE: Rosalind S. Helderman

LENGTH: 337 words


COLUMBUS - For voters in this important Ohio city, the Wednesday night debate
brought consternation to fans of President Obama and reassurance to those
backing Mitt Romney - but few switched votes.

"He was very well-spoken," acknowledged Obama supporter Jenna Kaun, 31 of
Romney, drinking a cup of coffee at Pistachio Vera. "But he didn't go into
details."

Kaun said she watched the debate with her husband - a rare undecided voter. By
the end, she emerged still voting for Obama and he went away still undecided.

"Romney was on the offense," she said. "But he wishes Romney had more details."

Self-described fiscal conservative Bonita Inza skipped the full debate but
watched highlights Thursday and took the temperature on Twitter.

"I saw the Big Bird comment. Jim Lehrer and how he got pushed aside. The MSNBC
meltdown. All of that," she said.

She said she was pleased the pundit consensus is that Romney won the debate, but
that the outcome had changed little for her. "There's only so much I can do. I
have one vote, and I'll cast it," she said.

Fellow Romney supporter Rita Foley, 52, said she'd listened to the debate on the
radio while driving to her daughter's house.

"I didn't see a clear winner. They seemed pretty matched," she said. "Then I got
to my daughter's house and she said on TV, Obama looked anxious," Foley said.
"It really surprised me. I thought he was supposed to be this great debater."

James Reid, 34, an aircraft mechanic, said he wishes a candidate could be found
to meld the best ideas of both candidates. For now, the son and grandson of Ford
Motor voters from Detroit said he'll vote for Obama.

"When Romney said 'let Detroit go bankrupt,' he lost my vote at that," he said.
"He's a businessman, and that's who he's looking out for."

As an Obama supporter, the aggressive side of Romney that caused many to label
him the night's winner struck Reid as "like a used-car salesman." But despite
polls showing Obama opening a lead here, Reid said there's a lot of time to go.
"It's not November yet," he said.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             102 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     October 3, 2012 Wednesday 8:12 PM EST

Many paths through the political wilderness

BYLINE: Bill Turque

SECTION: A section; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 1267 words


Rick Santorum formed a new fundraising organization. Jon R. Huntsman Jr. joined
the Ford Motor Co. board of directors, whose members are paid an average of
$260,000 per year. George Allen opened a consulting firm bearing his name but
steered clear of lobbying.

For former officeholders seeking another bite of the apple, or thinking about
it, there are many paths through the political wilderness. And come the morning
of Nov. 7, a new wave of failed challengers and ousted incumbents will have to
grapple with a decision: Do they move on with their lives, or lay out a strategy
to remain engaged and relevant until the next campaign?

"I would say the model hasn't changed much since Nixon was clawing his way back
from the wilderness," said Republican consultant Ralph Reed, chairman of the
Faith and Freedom Coalition, who knows a bit about comebacks himself; his career
nearly imploded in 2006 when his ties to convicted lobbyist Jack Abramoff came
to light.

Reed was referring to the six years between Richard M. Nixon's 1962 defeat in
the California gubernatorial race and his presidential victory in 1968. He
traveled widely, wrote and played the loyal party soldier campaigning for other
Republican candidates.

In 2012, members of the political class who want to return to office may be
seeking a similar strategic mix of visibility, base-building and, in some cases,
wealth.

A seat on the board

For many politicians who are between offices, corporate boards and the financial
industry have long been perches of choice. Sixty-six Fortune 1000 companies have
a former member of Congress on their boards, according to an analysis of
business filings by the Web site Muckety. Two dozen former governors are also
directors.

With annual pay and stock awards often in the low six figures for just a few
days of work, such posts are attractive to former officeholders seeking time to
regroup politically. In exchange, companies benefit from big names, whose calls
are taken by prospective clients or who can sometimes smooth out regulatory
bumps.

Huntsman, a former Utah governor, deputy U.S. trade representative, and
ambassador to China and Singapore, joined the Ford board shortly after dropping
out of the race for the GOP presidential nomination in January.

He hardly needs the dough: His filings during the campaign reported as much as
$66 million in assets. But the board seat is a way for him to stay in the middle
of the conversation on issues such as manufacturing, trade and competitiveness.
And for a car company interested in Asian markets, Huntsman, who speaks fluent
Mandarin, is an asset.

A spokesman said Huntsman's schedule over the next few weeks would not allow for
an interview.

Few ex-officeholders have taken to the boardroom as readily as Jeb Bush, who has
been on every short list of possible Republican presidential contenders since
finishing his second term as governor of Florida in 2007.

He is a director of at least six companies - involved in a range of businesses
from timber to hospital linens - and served as a paid adviser to Lehman Brothers
at the time of its 2008 collapse. He is a senior adviser to Barclays Capital and
has his own consulting firm, Jeb Bush and Associates. A Bush spokesman did not
respond to an interview request.

One of his directorships is with Tenet, a for-profit health-care giant that owns
several hospitals in Florida. The company has had serious regulatory troubles,
paying $900 million to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services in 2006
to settle charges that it overbilled Medicare and Medicaid. Bush became a
director in 2007 and received $271,000 in cash fees and stock awards from the
company last year, according to a proxy statement.

Bush's corporate board service is legal, but it has some government-reform
advocates wondering where his allegiances would be if he returned to office.

"It's always been a concern to me," said Peter Butzin, executive director of
Florida Common Cause. "He's going to have an opinion, and the question is
whether it's going to be shaped by the voters or his directorships. I would say
more often than not his directorships."

Consultants, not lobbyists

Just beyond the boardroom for out-of-work politicians is K Street and its
influence industry. But the stigma attached to lobbying has caused some to
approach with caution, especially those who may be contemplating a return to
office. Many become advisers or consultants, performing similar work but
skirting the technical definition of lobbying.

Santorum, the former senator from Pennsylvania who withdrew from the Republican
presidential race in April, earned $1.3 million in 2010 and the first half of
2011, according to financial disclosure forms. The largest slice came from
consulting for groups that advocate and lobby for industry interests, including
a Pennsylvania energy company.

After losing the Ohio governorship to John Kasich (R) in 2010, Democrat Ted
Strickland started Midwest Gateway Partners, a firm with offices in Washington
and Columbus, Ohio. Two of the firm's principals are registered lobbyists, but
Strickland is not.

Same with Allen, who lost his 2006 Senate reelection bid to Democrat James Webb.
He opened George Allen Strategies, which promises clients expert advice on
navigating Washington. One of the principals, a former Senate aide, is
registered to lobby. Allen (R), now running against former Virginia governor
Timothy M. Kaine (D) to recapture his Senate seat, is not.

Some unseated officials say employers see them only as lobbyists-in-waiting.

Former four-term Alabama congressman Artur Davis - who in 2008 seconded Barack
Obama's presidential nomination but who spoke at the Republican convention in
Tampa last month after switching to the GOP - moved to Northern Virginia last
year to practice law and possibly revive his political career. But the Harvard
Law School graduate said his only offers were to lobby.

"I had no interest in lobbying and was unable to find a law firm that was
interested in me being a working lawyer," Davis said. Instead, he makes speeches
and sits on the board of Huntington Ingalls Industries, a Navy shipbuilder.

Engaged with the issues

Politicians between offices also like to be seen as thought leaders - writing,
speaking and staking out substantive positions on the issues.

Books are a reliable sign that an ex-officeholder is still in the hunt. Bush,
who has a Mexican-born wife and has urged a softer Republican line on
immigration, is co-authoring a book on the issue that is due next spring. He
also heads two education nonprofits that promote charter schools and other
initiatives.

While opinion leadership is important, nothing garners goodwill within a party
like time and money. After losing the GOP's 2008 presidential nomination, Mitt
Romney campaigned heavily in 2010 and distributed hundreds of thousands of
dollars to candidates through a network of PACs.

This spring, Santorum announced the formation of Patriot Voices, a "social
welfare organization" under the tax code. That means it can lobby and run ads
supporting or opposing candidates as long as the spots don't ask viewers to vote
one way or another. It can also keep its donors secret.

And what of Obama, a potential one-term president, and Romney, a possible
presidential loser? History suggests that there is probably no road back. Each
will have all the speaking, writing and corporate gigs he can handle. But since
1968, there have been no second chances for standard-bearers. It's one page of
the Nixon playbook yet to be copied.

turqueb@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             103 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 3, 2012 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Many paths through the political wilderness

BYLINE: Bill Turque

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 1256 words


Rick Santorum formed a new fundraising organization. Jon R. Huntsman Jr. joined
the Ford Motor Co. board of directors, whose members are paid an average of
$260,000 per year. George Allen opened a consulting firm bearing his name but
steered clear of lobbying.

For former officeholders seeking another bite of the apple, or thinking about
it, there are many paths through the political wilderness. And come the morning
of Nov. 7, a new wave of failed challengers and ousted incumbents will have to
grapple with a decision: Do they move on with their lives, or lay out a strategy
to remain engaged and relevant until the next campaign?

"I would say the model hasn't changed much since Nixon was clawing his way back
from the wilderness," said Republican consultant Ralph Reed, chairman of the
Faith and Freedom Coalition, who knows a bit about comebacks himself; his career
nearly imploded in 2006 when his ties to convicted lobbyist Jack Abramoff came
to light.

Reed was referring to the six years between Richard M. Nixon's 1962 defeat in
the California gubernatorial race and his presidential victory in 1968. He
traveled widely, wrote and played the loyal party soldier campaigning for other
Republican candidates.

In 2012, members of the political class who want to return to office may be
seeking a similar strategic mix of visibility, base-building and, in some cases,
wealth.

A seat on the board

For many politicians who are between offices, corporate boards and the financial
industry have long been perches of choice. Sixty-six Fortune 1000 companies have
a former member of Congress on their boards, according to an analysis of
business filings by the Web site Muckety. Two dozen former governors are also
directors.

With annual pay and stock awards often in the low six figures for just a few
days of work, such posts are attractive to former officeholders seeking time to
regroup politically. In exchange, companies benefit from big names, whose calls
are taken by prospective clients or who can sometimes smooth out regulatory
bumps.

Huntsman, a former Utah governor, deputy U.S. trade representative, and
ambassador to China and Singapore, joined the Ford board shortly after dropping
out of the race for the GOP presidential nomination in January.

He hardly needs the dough: His filings during the campaign reported as much as
$66 million in assets. But the board seat is a way for him to stay in the middle
of the conversation on issues such as manufacturing, trade and competitiveness.
And for a car company interested in Asian markets, Huntsman, who speaks fluent
Mandarin, is an asset.

A spokesman said Huntsman's schedule over the next few weeks would not allow for
an interview.

Few ex-officeholders have taken to the boardroom as readily as Jeb Bush, who has
been on every short list of possible Republican presidential contenders since
finishing his second term as governor of Florida in 2007.

He is a director of at least six companies - involved in a range of businesses
from timber to hospital linens - and served as a paid adviser to Lehman Brothers
at the time of its 2008 collapse. He is a senior adviser to Barclays Capital and
has his own consulting firm, Jeb Bush and Associates. A Bush spokesman did not
respond to an interview request.

One of his directorships is with Tenet, a for-profit health-care giant that owns
several hospitals in Florida. The company has had serious regulatory troubles,
paying $900 million to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services in 2006
to settle charges that it overbilled Medicare and Medicaid. Bush became a
director in 2007 and received $271,000 in cash fees and stock awards from the
company last year, according to a proxy statement.

Bush's corporate board service is legal, but it has some government-reform
advocates wondering where his allegiances would be if he returned to office.

"It's always been a concern to me," said Peter Butzin, executive director of
Florida Common Cause. "He's going to have an opinion, and the question is
whether it's going to be shaped by the voters or his directorships. I would say
more often than not his directorships."

Consultants, not lobbyists

Just beyond the boardroom for out-of-work politicians is K Street and its
influence industry. But the stigma attached to lobbying has caused some to
approach with caution, especially those who may be contemplating a return to
office. Many become advisers or consultants, performing similar work but
skirting the technical definition of lobbying.

Santorum, the former senator from Pennsylvania who withdrew from the Republican
presidential race in April, earned $1.3 million in 2010 and the first half of
2011, according to financial disclosure forms. The largest slice came from
consulting for groups that advocate and lobby for industry interests, including
a Pennsylvania energy company.

After losing the Ohio governorship to John Kasich (R) in 2010, Democrat Ted
Strickland started Midwest Gateway Partners, a firm with offices in Washington
and Columbus, Ohio. Two of the firm's principals are registered lobbyists, but
Strickland is not.

Same with Allen, who lost his 2006 Senate reelection bid to Democrat James Webb.
He opened George Allen Strategies, which promises clients expert advice on
navigating Washington. One of the principals, a former Senate aide, is
registered to lobby. Allen (R), now running against former Virginia governor
Timothy M. Kaine (D) to recapture his Senate seat, is not.

Some unseated officials say employers see them only as lobbyists-in-waiting.

Former four-term Alabama congressman Artur Davis - who in 2008 seconded Barack
Obama's presidential nomination but who spoke at the Republican convention in
Tampa last month after switching to the GOP - moved to Northern Virginia last
year to practice law and possibly revive his political career. But the Harvard
Law School graduate said his only offers were to lobby.

"I had no interest in lobbying and was unable to find a law firm that was
interested in me being a working lawyer," Davis said. Instead, he makes speeches
and sits on the board of Huntington Ingalls Industries, a Navy shipbuilder.

Engaged with the issues

Politicians between offices also like to be seen as thought leaders - writing,
speaking and staking out substantive positions on the issues.

Books are a reliable sign that an ex-officeholder is still in the hunt. Bush,
who has a Mexican-born wife and has urged a softer Republican line on
immigration, is co-authoring a book on the issue that is due next spring. He
also heads two education nonprofits that promote charter schools and other
initiatives.

While opinion leadership is important, nothing garners goodwill within a party
like time and money. After losing the GOP's 2008 presidential nomination, Mitt
Romney campaigned heavily in 2010 and distributed hundreds of thousands of
dollars to candidates through a network of PACs.

This spring, Santorum announced the formation of Patriot Voices, a "social
welfare organization" under the tax code. That means it can lobby and run ads
supporting or opposing candidates as long as the spots don't ask viewers to vote
one way or another. It can also keep its donors secret.

And what of Obama, a potential one-term president, and Romney, a possible
presidential loser? History suggests that there is probably no road back. Each
will have all the speaking, writing and corporate gigs he can handle. But since
1968, there have been no second chances for standard-bearers. It's one page of
the Nixon playbook yet to be copied.

turqueb@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             104 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 3, 2012 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

U.S. auto sales stay strong, despite weak economy

BYLINE: Dee-Ann Durbin;Tom Krisher

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 535 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


DETROIT - Americans found plenty of reasons to buy new cars in September, making
auto sales a bright spot in the economy for yet another month.

Total U.S. sales rose 13 percent from a year earlier to nearly 1.2 million.
Analysts think sales could hit 14.3 million this year, up from 12.8 million last
year.

Low interest rates, aging vehicles that need replacement and appealing new
models are fueling this year's consistently strong sales, said Jessica Caldwell,
an analyst for the Edmunds.com automotive Web site.  "That's a good combination
to get people shopping again," she said. "That's really what sells cars."

Financing is one reason why auto sales were strong in September. Low-interest
loans are easy to get again, now that banks have loosened lending. New-car loans
carried an average interest rate of 4.05 percent in September, the second-lowest
rate after December 2011, according to Edmunds.com, which started collecting
data in 2002. People with good credit can get a 2 percent rate from a bank or
credit union.

Record-high gas prices played a role in sales last month, shifting buyers from
trucks to smaller cars. Sales rose 40 percent or more for the Chevrolet Cruze,
Ford Focus, Toyota Corolla and other compacts. Gas prices have jumped 14 percent
since July 1 and hit a national average of $3.79 per gallon at the end of
September, a record for that time of year. Small cars make up 23 percent of
new-car sales, up from 21 percent in July, according to Ford's top U.S. sales
analyst, Erich Merkle.

Toyota's sales rose 41.5 percent and Honda's were up 31 percent in September
compared with a year earlier, when their inventories were hurt by Japan's
earthquake. Sales of Honda's Civic and Accord sedans rose 57 percent. Nissan,
which recovered more quickly from the earthquake, said sales fell 1 percent last
month, partly because it has just begun shipping its new Altima sedan to
dealers.

Detroit didn't fare as well. Chrysler Group reported a 12 percent increase,
thanks to strong sales of the Dodge Avenger and the new Dodge Dart small car.
But General Motors and Ford sales were either up slightly or flat.

Sales of Ford's Fusion sedan slowed as the carmaker began shipping a new model
to dealerships. The Fusion normally makes up 12 percent of the company's monthly
sales. Ford is also losing customers who used to buy Ranger small pickups. Ford
stopped selling the vehicle at the end of last year. Only about half of Ranger
buyers are replacing their trucks with Ford products, Merkle said.

At GM, car sales increased 29 percent, led by the Chevy Cruze compact. Sales of
the Sonic subcompact were five times higher than last year. But sales of the
Chevy Silverado pickup, GM's top-selling vehicle, fell almost 17 percent. GM
blamed a 55 percent decrease in sales to rental companies as the company shifts
between 2012 and 2013 models.

Volkswagen sales rose 34 percent, as sales of the Passat sedan nearly tripled
over last year. Discounts helped. Auto buying site TrueCar.com said Volkswagen
had the biggest increase in incentive spending of any automaker, up 29 percent
to an average of $2,462. Volkswagen is offering zero-percent interest deals on
the Passat through October.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     September 23, 2012 Sunday 8:12 PM EST

Futures and options, week of Sept. 24 Futures and options, week of Sept. 24

SECTION: ; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 143 words


Monday

}House out of session all week

}Center for Resource Solutions opens two-day conference on renewable energy
markets; Capital Hilton

}Chrysler, Lennar, Michaels report earnings

Tuesday

}Institute for Defense and Government Advancement opens three-day conference;
Hilton Alexandria Mark Center

}S&P Case-Shiller home price index

}Consumer confidence report

Wednesday

}New-home sales report

Thursday

}GDP report

}National Economists Club hosts discussion with Ford Motor chief economist Ellen
Hughes-Cromwick; National Association of Manufacturers

}Durable goods report

}Nike, United Bancorp report earnings

Friday

}Personal income and outlays report

}Consumer sentiment report

}Rand, Walgreen report earnings

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             106 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 23, 2012 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Futures and options, week of Sept. 24

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 116 words

Monday

}House out of session all week

}Center for Resource Solutions opens two-day conference on renewable energy
markets; Capital Hilton

}Chrysler, Lennar, Michaels report earnings

Tuesday

}Institute for Defense and Government Advancement opens three-day conference;
Hilton Alexandria Mark Center

}S&P Case-Shiller home price index

}Consumer confidence report

Wednesday

}New-home sales report

Thursday

}GDP report

}National Economists Club hosts discussion with Ford Motor chief economist Ellen
Hughes-Cromwick; National Association of Manufacturers

}Durable goods report

}Nike, United Bancorp report earnings

Friday

}Personal income and outlays report

}Consumer sentiment report

}Rand, Walgreen report earnings

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             107 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     September 18, 2012 Tuesday 8:12 PM EST

SECTION: A section; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 760 words


TECHNOLOGY          Apple shares soar on iPhone 5 pre-orders

Apple surpassed $700 in late trading Monday after announcing record first-day
orders for the latest iPhone, fueling optimism that the company will keep
generating the revenue growth that transformed it from a niche computer
manufacturer into the world's most valuable business.

Shares climbed as high as $700.44 before closing at a record $699.78. The stock
has advanced 73 percent this year.

The iPhone 5, which features a bigger screen, faster chip and a lighter body,
sold 2 million units in first-day orders, more than double a record set by the
previous model, Apple said. Since its 2007 debut, the device has become Apple's
top-selling product, accounting for about two-thirds of profit. Signs of robust
demand reinforced expectations that Apple will withstand accelerating
competition from Samsung Electronics and Google in the $219.1 billion smartphone
market.

Apple's surge gathered steam Friday, after it began taking orders for the iPhone
5. Apple's Web site said new orders wouldn't ship until Sept. 28, a week after
the handset is due in stores, an indication that supply may be running thin.

- Bloomberg News

AUTOMOTIVE          Canadian union, Ford reach deal

The Canadian Auto Workers union decided late Monday to keep working past a
midnight strike deadline after reaching a deal with Ford and extending its
contracts with General Motors and Chrysler.

Workers will stay on the job as talks continue but can go on strike after giving
GM and Chrysler 24 hours' notice, President Ken Lewenza said late Monday. The
union, he said, agreed to the contract extensions because top labor executives
at both companies asked for more time to study the deal with Ford. The CAW wants
the Ford contract to serve as a template for the other two companies.

Ford workers will vote on their agreement next weekend. It cuts wages for new
hires and freezes pay for current workers. But it also gives them lump-sum
payments for ratifying the deal and to cover inflation.

Lewenza said top negotiators for both GM and Chrysler came to Toronto to try to
finalize a deal. Both General Motors and Chrysler confirmed late Monday that
they were continuing to talk but didn't give further details.

Under the Ford deal, the company will pay new workers 60 percent of the current
top wage of $34.74 an hour, according to the CAW. That would mean new workers
would be paid around $20.84. They can move up the wage scale and reach the top
wage in 10 years.

- Associated Press

Also in Business

l  The number of long delaysin July involving planes stuck on airport tarmacs
was more than the previous eight months combined, the government said Monday.
Twenty-eight planes were stuck on the ground at U.S. airports for more than
three hours that month, the height of the summer travel season. Eighteen of
those planes were operated by U.S. carriers. Sixteen of the U.S. flights were
going in or out of Chicago's O'Hare on July 13, a day of severe thunderstorms.

l  Solid-waste services companyWaste Connections is buying R360 Environmental
Solutions for about $1.3 billion in cash. Waste Connections said Monday that the
transaction is a natural extension of its exploration and production disposal
services. R360 provides non-hazardous oil-field waste treatment, recovery and
disposal services in areas including the oil-rich Permian, Bakken and Eagle Ford
Basins. The privately held company runs 26 facilities across Louisiana, New
Mexico, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Texas and Wyoming.

l  The U.S. unemployment ratewould be around 7 percent instead of 8 to 9 percent
without the current level of doubt among consumers about economic issues
including fiscal policy, a Federal Reserve study said. "Uncertainty has pushed
up the U.S. unemployment rate by between one and two percentage points since the
start of the financial crisis in 2008," Sylvain Leduc and Zheng Liu, who are
research advisers at the San Francisco Fed, wrote in a paper released Monday.
"The private sector responds to rising uncertainty by cutting back spending,
leading to a rise in unemployment and reductions in both output and inflation."

- From news services

Coming Today

l  8:30 a.m.:Current account trade deficit for the second quarter released.

l  10 a.m.:NAHB housing market index for September.

l  Earnings:FedEx, Manchester United.

RESTAURANTS

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             108 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 18, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 719 words

TECHNOLOGY

Apple shares soar on iPhone 5 pre-orders

Apple surpassed $700 in late trading Monday after announcing record first-day
orders for the latest iPhone, fueling optimism that the company will keep
generating the revenue growth that transformed it from a niche computer
manufacturer into the world's most valuable business.

Shares climbed as high as $700.44 before closing at a record $699.78. The stock
has advanced 73 percent this year.

The iPhone 5, which features a bigger screen, faster chip and a lighter body,
sold 2 million units in first-day orders, more than double a record set by the
previous model, Apple said. Since its 2007 debut, the device has become Apple's
top-selling product, accounting for about two-thirds of profit. Signs of robust
demand reinforced expectations that Apple will withstand accelerating
competition from Samsung Electronics and Google in the $219.1 billion smartphone
market.

Apple's surge gathered steam Friday, after it began taking orders for the iPhone
5. Apple's Web site said new orders wouldn't ship until Sept. 28, a week after
the handset is due in stores, an indication that supply may be running thin.

- Bloomberg News

AUTOMOTIVE

Canadian union, Ford reach deal

The Canadian Auto Workers union decided late Monday to keep working past a
midnight strike deadline after reaching a deal with Ford and extending its
contracts with General Motors and Chrysler.

Workers will stay on the job as talks continue but can go on strike after giving
GM and Chrysler 24 hours' notice, President Ken Lewenza said late Monday. The
union, he said, agreed to the contract extensions because top labor executives
at both companies asked for more time to study the deal with Ford. The CAW wants
the Ford contract to serve as a template for the other two companies.

Ford workers will vote on their agreement next weekend. It cuts wages for new
hires and freezes pay for current workers. But it also gives them lump-sum
payments for ratifying the deal and to cover inflation.

Lewenza said top negotiators for both GM and Chrysler came to Toronto to try to
finalize a deal. Both General Motors and Chrysler confirmed late Monday that
they were continuing to talk but didn't give further details.

Under the Ford deal, the company will pay new workers 60 percent of the current
top wage of $34.74 an hour, according to the CAW. That would mean new workers
would be paid around $20.84. They can move up the wage scale and reach the top
wage in 10 years.

- Associated Press

Also in Business

lThe number of long delays in July involving planes stuck on airport tarmacs was
more than the previous eight months combined, the government said Monday.
Twenty-eight planes were stuck on the ground at U.S. airports for more than
three hours that month, the height of the summer travel season. Eighteen of
those planes were operated by U.S. carriers. Sixteen of the U.S. flights were
going in or out of Chicago's O'Hare on July 13, a day of severe thunderstorms.

lSolid-waste services company Waste Connections is buying R360 Environmental
Solutions for about $1.3 billion in cash. Waste Connections said Monday that the
transaction is a natural extension of its exploration and production disposal
services. R360 provides non-hazardous oil-field waste treatment, recovery and
disposal services in areas including the oil-rich Permian, Bakken and Eagle Ford
Basins. The privately held company runs 26 facilities across Louisiana, New
Mexico, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Texas and Wyoming.

lThe U.S. unemployment rate would be around 7 percent instead of 8 to 9 percent
without the current level of doubt among consumers about economic issues
including fiscal policy, a Federal Reserve study said. "Uncertainty has pushed
up the U.S. unemployment rate by between one and two percentage points since the
start of the financial crisis in 2008," Sylvain Leduc and Zheng Liu, who are
research advisers at the San Francisco Fed, wrote in a paper released Monday.
"The private sector responds to rising uncertainty by cutting back spending,
leading to a rise in unemployment and reductions in both output and inflation."

- From news services

Coming Today

l8:30 a.m.: Current account trade deficit for the second quarter released.

l10 a.m.: NAHB housing market index for September.

lEarnings: FedEx, Manchester United.

RESTAURANTS

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             109 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     September 8, 2012 Saturday 8:12 PM EST

This bailout didn't fail

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 172 words


George F. Will ["Peevish progressives," op-ed, Sept. 2] panned the government
bailout of General Motors as pandering to unions. According to Mr. Will, Ford
didn't have to go begging "because it was not mismanaged." As proof of the
failure of the bailout, Mr. Will pointed out that GM stock "was trading Thursday
morning at $21, below the $33 price our investor in chief paid for it." But GM
stock is up more than 7 percent year to date, while Ford is down 11 percent.
True, the new GM stock is down 34 percent since the newly capitalized company
began trading in November 2010, but Ford, all on its own, is down 38 percent in
the same period.

Had Mr. Will let the facts lead him to a conclusion rather than pull a detail to
support an already established opinion, he might have had something else to say
- perhaps observing the auto stocks are not doing too well this year, though
General Motors is outperforming Ford.

Stuart Brown, Chevy Chase

The writer is a member of the board of governors of the Woman's National
Democratic Club.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             110 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 8, 2012 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

This bailout didn't fail

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 172 words


George F. Will ["Peevish progressives," op-ed, Sept. 2] panned the government
bailout of General Motors as pandering to unions. According to Mr. Will, Ford
didn't have to go begging "because it was not mismanaged."

As proof of the failure of the bailout, Mr. Will pointed out that GM stock "was
trading Thursday morning at $21, below the $33 price our investor in chief paid
for it." But GM stock is up more than 7 percent year to date, while Ford is down
11 percent. True, the new GM stock is down 34 percent since the newly
capitalized company began trading in November 2010, but Ford, all on its own, is
down 38 percent in the same period.

Had Mr. Will let the facts lead him to a conclusion rather than pull a detail to
support an already established opinion, he might have had something else to say
- perhaps observing the auto stocks are not doing too well this year, though
General Motors is outperforming Ford.

Stuart Brown, Chevy Chase

The writer is a member of the board of governors of the Woman's National
Democratic Club.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             111 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 5, 2012 Wednesday
                                Regional Edition

Auto sales in U.S. exceed estimates

BYLINE: Craig Trudell

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 572 words


Chrysler, Ford and General Motors said U.S. sales in August rose more than
analysts  had estimated as new models drove the market to its fastest sales pace
since the "cash for clunkers" program.

Overall, U.S. auto sales are on pace to reach 14.5 million - the industry's best
total since 2007 - and to gain by at least 10 percent for the third-straight
year. That's the first such streak since 1973.

In August, industry-wide sales rose 20 percent, to 1.29 million, according to
Autodata. Deliveries this year through August climbed 15 percent, to 9.7
million.

Chrysler deliveries last month increased 14 percent from a year earlier. Ford
sales rose 13 percent, and GM's climbed 10 percent. Honda and Toyota deliveries
surged 60 percent and 46 percent, also beating estimates.

The stronger-than-expected results from the five biggest sellers of cars and
light trucks in the United States reflect continuing strength in a sector of the
economy that has held up as the recovery stumbles. The industry's rebound has
spurred hiring at assembly plants and helped reduce the Michigan unemployment
rate.

"This is an affirmation that the automotive market is strong," Alan Baum,
principal of auto-industry forecaster Baum & Associates, said in a telephone
interview. "This would normally be a time in the year when model-year-end
incentives kick in, and there were some targeted incentives in place that were
effective."

Chrysler's Dodge Dart and Ford's new Escape enjoyed particularly strong sales.

Deliveries of the Dart almost quadrupled from a month earlier, to 3,045, helping
extend Chrysler's streak of U.S. sales gains to 29 months. Chief executive
Sergio Marchionne is counting on a steady climb in demand for Dart, introduced
in June, as Chrysler continues to update its lineup.

"We expect Chrysler to continue to gobble up incremental share in the
compact-car segment," said Alec Gutierrez, an analyst at the California-based
auto-market researcher Kelley Blue Book. "Chrysler is still trying to get enough
selection of variety out to their dealers to satisfy demand. Their product
portfolio has improved." Sales of the Escape, a small sport-utility vehicle,
rose 37 percent to 28,188. Ford said it added a third shift to the Escape
factory in Kentucky last month to meet demand. Deliveries of Ford's F- Series
pickups climbed 19 percent to 58,201, the model line's best monthly total this
year, according to a statement.

An executive at Ford's largest U.S. dealership said it had a 20 percent sales
gain on the strength of new models.

GM, which advertised Chevrolet promotions during the Olympics, set monthly
records for the brand's Spark, Sonic, Cruze and Volt models, according to a
statement. Honda's Accord deliveries climbed 89 percent; sales of the Prius
model line of hybrids and RAV4 sport-utility vehicle both more than doubled.

Car companies with smaller percentages of the U.S. market also did well. South
Korea's Hyundai and Kia combined to sell 11 percent more vehicles in August than
a year earlier. Combined deliveries of Volkswagen and Audi brands increased by
48 percent in August.

Nissan sales rose 7.6 percent, according to a statement. Deliveries of the
Altima, which is being updated for the 2013 model year, gained 12 percent.

Strong auto sales helped Michigan's unemployment rate decline to 9 percent in
July from a 26-year high of 14 percent in August 2009, according to the Bureau
of Labor Statistics.

- Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                             Washington Post Blogs
                                The Fact Checker

                     August 29, 2012 Wednesday 4:35 AM EST

An unoriginal Obama quote, taken out of context;
Did Obama really say he thought people such as Steve Jobs did not build their
business?

BYLINE: Glenn Kessler

LENGTH: 1273 words


"To say what he said is to say that Steve Jobs didn't build Apple Computer or
that Bill Gates didn't build Microsoft or that Henry Ford didn't build Ford
Motor Company or that Ray Kroc didn't build McDonald's or that Papa John's
didn't build Papa John's Pizza. This is the height of foolishness. It shows how
out of touch he is with the character of America. It's one more reason his
policies have failed. It's one more reason why we have to replace him in
November."

- Mitt Romney, July 18, 2012

There are few original ideas in politics, just old arguments.

We were reminded of this as we considered the ruckus over comments by President
Obama that his GOP rival, former governor Mitt Romney, criticized as an attack
on free enterprise. Romney immediately began jabbing Obama on the campaign trail
and the Romney campaign rushed out an attack ad focused on Obama's words -
though, as we shall see, it sliced and diced the president's quote to make it
seem much worse.

We will stipulate that taking snippets of quotes and twisting them is an age-old
political tactic. In May, we gave Two Pinocchios to President Obama for
performing out-of-context quote-snipping on Romney's words. But that doesn't
make it right. Let's take a look at what Obama actually said, and then how it
has been interpreted.

The Facts

The president, during a campaign speech in Roanoke, tried to make the case that
wealthy people need to have higher taxes in order to help serve the public good.
Here is what he said, with the words used in the ad in bold type:

"There are a lot of wealthy, successful Americans who agree with me - because
they want to give something back. They know they didn't - look, if you've been
successful, you didn't get there on your own. You didn't get there on your own.
I'm always struck by people who think, well, it must be because I was just so
smart. There are a lot of smart people out there. It must be because I worked
harder than everybody else. Let me tell you something - there are a whole bunch
of hardworking people out there.

"If you were successful, somebody along the line gave you some help. There was a
great teacher somewhere in your life. Somebody helped to create this
unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive. Somebody
invested in roads and bridges. If you've got a business - you didn't build that.
Somebody else made that happen. The Internet didn't get invented on its own.
Government research created the Internet so that all the companies could make
money off the Internet. The point is, is that when we succeed, we succeed
because of our individual initiative, but also because we do things together."

The biggest problem with Romney's ad is that it leaves out just enough chunks of
Obama's words - such as a reference to "roads and bridges"- so that it sounds
like Obama is attacking individual initiative.  The ad deceivingly cuts away
from Obama speaking in order to make it seem as if the sentences follow one
another, when in fact eight sentences are snipped away.

Suddenly, the word "that" appears as if it is referring to a business, rather
than (apparently) to roads and bridges. (Granted, the president's  grammar is
off.)

But instead of blaming Obama for bad economics, maybe Romney should have called
Obama a plagiarizer. That's because Obama's words seem suspiciously similar to a
speech last year by Massachusetts Senate candidate Elizabeth Warren, which
became a YouTube sensation (almost 1 million views).

Here's what Warren said, making the point clearer than Obama did:

"There is nobody in this country who got rich on his own. Nobody. You built a
factory out there? Good for you. But I want to be clear: you moved your goods to
market on the roads the rest of us paid for; you hired workers the rest of us
paid to educate; you were safe in your factory because of police forces and fire
forces that the rest of us paid for. You didn't have to worry that marauding
bands would come and seize everything at your factory, and hire someone to
protect against this, because of the work the rest of us did. Now look, you
built a factory and it turned into something terrific, or a great idea? God
bless. Keep a big hunk of it. But part of the underlying social contract is you
take a hunk of that and pay forward for the next kid who comes along."

But, then, maybe Warren is the plagiarizer? Here's how President Franklin D.
Roosevelt put it in a message to Congress in 1935:

"Wealth in the modern world does not come merely from individual effort; it
results from a combination of individual effort and of the manifold uses to
which the community puts that effort. The individual does not create the product
of his industry with his own hands; he utilizes the many processes and forces of
mass production to meet the demands of a national and international market.

"Therefore, in spite of the great importance in our national life of the efforts
and ingenuity of unusual individuals, the people in the mass have inevitably
helped to make large fortunes possible. Without mass cooperation great
accumulations of wealth would be impossible save by unhealthy speculation. As
Andrew Carnegie put it, 'Where wealth accrues honorably, the people are  always
silent partners.' Whether it be wealth achieved through the cooperation of the
entire community or riches gained by speculation - in either case the ownership
of such wealth or riches represents a great public interest and a great ability
to pay.

"People know that vast personal incomes come not only through the effort or
ability or luck of those who receive them, but also because of the opportunities
for advantage which Government itself contributes. Therefore, the duty rests
upon the Government to restrict such incomes by very high taxes."

In other words, this is an argument that Democrats have been making for decades,
one that Republicans have every right to reject. Washington Post columnist
Charles Krauthammer, for instance, understood fully that Obama was talking about
roads and still thought his logic was faulty.

Romney, however, descends into silly season when he extrapolates Obama's quote
and says that means Obama believes Steve Jobs did not build Apple Computers.

Here's what Obama said when Jobs passed away earlier this year: "By building one
of the planet's most successful companies from his garage, he exemplified the
spirit of American ingenuity. By making computers personal and putting the
Internet in our pockets, he made the information revolution not only accessible,
but intuitive and fun."

That sounds like Obama believes that Jobs really did build his company. He did
not mention the roads to Cupertino.

The Pinocchio Test

Obama certainly could take from lessons from Warren or Roosevelt on how to frame
this argument in a way that is less susceptible for quote-snipping. And Romney
certainly could answer Obama's argument by engaging in a serious discussion
about whether the wealthy should pay much more in taxes as a matter of social
good and equity. That would be grounds for an elevated, interesting and
important debate.

But instead, by focusing on one ill-phrased sentence, Romney and his campaign
have decided to pretend that Obama is talking about something different - and
then further extrapolated it so that it becomes ridiculous. That's not very
original at all.

Three Pinocchios

(About our rating scale)

Check out our candidate Pinocchio Tracker

Follow The Fact Checker on Twitter and friend us on Facebook             .

Track each presidential candidate's campaign ads

Read our biggest Pinocchios

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             113 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       August 24, 2012 Friday 8:12 PM EST

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 626 words


Henry E. Hockeimer Sr.             Ford executive

Henry E. Hockeimer Sr., 92, a former vice president of Ford Motor Co. who during
World War II survived more than two years in Nazi concentration camps before
escaping and joining the U.S. military intelligence, died July 13 at his home in
Washington.

He had acute myeloid leukemia, said his son Henry E. Hockeimer Jr.

Mr. Hockeimer was born Heinz Hochheimer in Winzig, Germany, a city now located
in Poland. He began studying engineering as a young man. As the Nazi government
increased persecution of Jews such as Mr. Hockeimer and his family, he was
forced to end his studies and was sent to a work camp in Silesia.

In 1943, Mr. Hockeimer was deported to the Auschwitz concentration camp, where
his younger sister was killed. His parents, too, would die in concentration
camps. Mr. Hockeimer was ultimately transferred to the Nordhausen camp in
central Germany.

There, he escaped German control during a bombardment. He reached Allied lines
and embedded with the U.S. Army intelligence, which employed him as a translator
and interrogator.

Shortly after the end of the war in 1945, Mr. Hockeimer came to the United
States to live with relatives in New Jersey. He changed his name to Henry Eric
Hockeimer when he became a naturalized U.S. citizen and served in the U.S.
National Guard from 1947 to 1949.

He continued his engineering and other academic studies at institutions
including New York University, the RCA Institute in New York City and the
University of Pennsylvania's Wharton business school.

Mr. Hockeimer began his career in the late 1940s as a radio and television
engineer in Philadelphia at Philco, which was bought by Ford in 1961. Mr.
Hockeimer rose through the ranks until becoming president of Ford Aerospace and
Communications, a Ford subsidiary that worked prominently on NASA's space
shuttle program, in 1975. He retired in 1985.

After his retirement, during the administrations of presidents Ronald Reagan and
George H.W. Bush, Mr. Hockeimer worked at the U.S. Information Agency in various
capacities including associate director for management. He had lived full time
in Washington for more than 20 years.

Mr. Hockeimer converted to Catholicism after his marriage in 1956 to the former
Margaret Feeny, who died in 2006. Survivors include two children, Henry E.
Hockeimer Jr. of Philadelphia and Ellen Vincent of Newtown, Conn.; and two
grandchildren.

- Emily Langer

William T. Bobb             real estate agent

William T. Bobb, 70, a real estate agent who sold residential real estate in the
Washington area for more than 20 years, died Aug. 9 at a hospital in Fort
Pierce, Fla.

He had esophageal cancer, said his wife, Mary Phelps Bobb.

Mr. Bobb was a former Waldorf resident and worked for Coldwell Banker
Residential Brokerage for 26 years before moving to Florida in 2002. He
continued to work in real estate there until his retirement in 2005. At the time
of his death, he was a resident of Port St. Lucie, Fla.

William Taylor Bobb Jr. was born in Washington and grew up in Hyattsville. He
was a 1960 graduate of Sherwood High School in Sandy Spring.

He was a civilian dispatcher for the Prince George's County Police Department
for five years.

Survivors include his wife of 51 years, Mary Madelyn Phelps Bobb of Port St.
Lucie; three children, Barbara Bobb of Lusby, James Bobb of Crownsville and
William E. Bobb of Port St. Lucie; a brother, Brian Bobb of San Diego; a
half-brother, George Lane of Fairfax City; a half-sister, Linda Zamparelli of
St. Petersburg, Fla.; seven grandchildren; and two great-grandchildren.

- Megan McDonough

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 24, 2012 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 596 words

Henry E. Hockeimer Sr.

Ford executive

Henry E. Hockeimer Sr., 92, a former vice president of Ford Motor Co. who during
World War II survived more than two years in Nazi concentration camps before
escaping and joining the U.S. military intelligence, died July 13 at his home in
Washington.

He had acute myeloid leukemia, said his son Henry E. Hockeimer Jr.

Mr. Hockeimer was born Heinz Hochheimer in Winzig, Germany, a city now located
in Poland. He began studying engineering as a young man. As the Nazi government
increased persecution of Jews such as Mr. Hockeimer and his family, he was
forced to end his studies and was sent to a work camp in Silesia.

In 1943, Mr. Hockeimer was deported to the Auschwitz concentration camp, where
his younger sister was killed. His parents, too, would die in concentration
camps. Mr. Hockeimer was ultimately transferred to the Nordhausen camp in
central Germany.

There, he escaped German control during a bombardment. He reached Allied lines
and embedded with the U.S. Army intelligence, which employed him as a translator
and interrogator.

Shortly after the end of the war in 1945, Mr. Hockeimer came to the United
States to live with relatives in New Jersey. He changed his name to Henry Eric
Hockeimer when he became a naturalized U.S. citizen and served in the U.S.
National Guard from 1947 to 1949.

He continued his engineering and other academic studies at institutions
including New York University, the RCA Institute in New York City and the
University of Pennsylvania's Wharton business school.

Mr. Hockeimer began his career in the late 1940s as a radio and television
engineer in Philadelphia at Philco, which was bought by Ford in 1961. Mr.
Hockeimer rose through the ranks until becoming president of Ford Aerospace and
Communications, a Ford subsidiary that worked prominently on NASA's space
shuttle program, in 1975. He retired in 1985.

After his retirement, during the administrations of presidents Ronald Reagan and
George H.W. Bush, Mr. Hockeimer worked at the U.S. Information Agency in various
capacities including associate director for management. He had lived full time
in Washington for more than 20 years.

Mr. Hockeimer converted to Catholicism after his marriage in 1956 to the former
Margaret Feeny, who died in 2006. Survivors include two children, Henry E.
Hockeimer Jr. of Philadelphia and Ellen Vincent of Newtown, Conn.; and two
grandchildren.

- Emily Langer

William T. Bobb

real estate agent

William T. Bobb, 70, a real estate agent who sold residential real estate in the
Washington area for more than 20 years, died Aug. 9 at a hospital in Fort
Pierce, Fla.

He had esophageal cancer, said his wife, Mary Phelps Bobb.

Mr. Bobb was a former Waldorf resident and worked for Coldwell Banker
Residential Brokerage for 26 years before moving to Florida in 2002. He
continued to work in real estate there until his retirement in 2005. At the time
of his death, he was a resident of Port St. Lucie, Fla.

William Taylor Bobb Jr. was born in Washington and grew up in Hyattsville. He
was a 1960 graduate of Sherwood High School in Sandy Spring.

He was a civilian dispatcher for the Prince George's County Police Department
for five years.

Survivors include his wife of 51 years, Mary Madelyn Phelps Bobb of Port St.
Lucie; three children, Barbara Bobb of Lusby, James Bobb of Crownsville and
William E. Bobb of Port St. Lucie; a brother, Brian Bobb of San Diego; a
half-brother, George Lane of Fairfax City; a half-sister, Linda Zamparelli of
St. Petersburg, Fla.; seven grandchildren; and two great-grandchildren.

- Megan McDonough

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             115 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       August 19, 2012 Sunday 8:12 PM EST

Man found beaten on Capitol Hill; robberies on rise in Eastern Market area

BYLINE: Peter Hermann;and Martin Weil

SECTION: Metro; Pg. C12

LENGTH: 400 words


A man was found beaten and unconscious on the front porch of a home around the
corner from historic Eastern Market on Capitol Hill, authorities said.The victim
of the unusual attack was identified by friends as Thomas Maslin, 29, a Capitol
Hill resident. They said he was a husband and father who worked as an energy
analyst.

Residents said detectives told them that Maslin may have been attacked in the
early hours on the street or in a small park just north of the market.
Afterward, he apparently stumbled from door to door in search of help. Police
did not comment on that account.

Many people in the area were away, including the residents of the house where
Maslin collapsed, in the 700 block of North Carolina Avenue SE.

"He went to the first house. They are in Michigan," said Michael A. Boudreaux,
63, who lives next door to where Maslin was found. "And then [he went to] the
next house. They are at the beach."

Police said the first 911 call, around 8:30 a.m., reported a man with a seizure.
At the hospital, doctors determined he had been struck on the head with an
object, a police spokesman said.

Maslin had gone to the Washington Nationals game Friday night and had stopped
with friends at a tavern on Pennsylvania Avenue SE before walking on home, said
a friend, Vanessa Ford.

"The only thing we know is that he was hit in the back of the head with a blunt
object," Ford said.

Maslin's identity was first reported by WTTG Channel 5.

Maslin works for IHS, which, according to its Web site, provides information for
business decision making in the global market and economy. Ford said Maslin's
wife teaches at Brent Elementary School on Capitol Hill.

Homicide detectives are investigating. Police said the victim remained
unconscious late Saturday afternoon.

The market is about one mile southeast of the Capitol, in a heavily residential
neighborhood.

Police have reported no homicides near the market this year, but statistics show
a sharp rise in robberies - 14 with a gun through Aug. 12, compared with six in
the corresponding period last year, and 40 without guns, up from 28 in the first
eight months of 2011.

Residents said they feel safe but are vigilant. "When I run at 4:30 a.m., I am
aware of everything around me, and I don't run on the sidewalk," Boudreaux said.
"I run on the street."

peter.hermann@washpost.com

weilm@washpost.com

Staff writer Tim Craig contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             116 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 19, 2012 Sunday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Man found beaten on Capitol Hill; robberies on rise in Eastern Market area

BYLINE: Peter Hermann;and Martin Weil

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C12

LENGTH: 408 words


A man wasfound beaten and unconsciouson the front porch of a home around the
corner from historic Eastern Market on Capitol Hill, authorities said.

The victim of the unusual attack was identified by friends as Thomas Maslin, 29,
a Capitol Hill resident. They said he was a husband and father who worked as an
energy analyst.

Residents said detectives told them that Maslin may have been attacked in the
early hours on the street or in a small park just north of the market.
Afterward, he apparently stumbled from door to door in search of help. Police
did not comment on that account.

Many people in the area were away, including the residents of the house where
Maslin collapsed, in the 700 block of North Carolina Avenue SE.

"He went to the first house. They are in Michigan," said Michael A. Boudreaux,
63, who lives next door to where Maslin was found. "And then [he went to] the
next house. They are at the beach."

Police said the first 911 call, around 8:30 a.m., reported a man with a seizure.
At the hospital, doctors determined he had been struck on the head with an
object, a police spokesman said.

Maslin had gone to the Washington Nationals game Friday night and had stopped
with friends at a tavern on Pennsylvania Avenue SE before walking on home, said
a friend, Vanessa Ford.

"The only thing we know is that he was hit in the back of the head with a blunt
object," Ford said.

Maslin's identity was first reported by WTTG Channel 5.

Maslin works for IHS, which, according to its Web site, provides information for
business decision making in the global market and economy. Ford said Maslin's
wife teaches at Brent Elementary School on Capitol Hill.

Homicide detectives are investigating. Police said the victim remained
unconscious late Saturday afternoon.

The market is about one mile southeast of the Capitol, in a heavily residential
neighborhood.http://projects.washingtonpost.com/congress/members/b000243/

Police have reported no homicides near the market this year, but statistics show
a sharp rise in robberies - 14 with a gun through Aug. 12, compared with six in
the corresponding period last year, and 40 without guns, up from 28 in the first
eight months of 2011.

Residents said they feel safe but are vigilant. "When I run at 4:30 a.m., I am
aware of everything around me, and I don't run on the sidewalk," Boudreaux said.
"I run on the street."

peter.hermann@washpost.com

weilm@washpost.com

Staff writer Tim Craig contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             117 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      August 16, 2012 Thursday 8:12 PM EST

D.C. news in brief D.C. news in brief

SECTION: Metro; Pg. T16

LENGTH: 339 words


11-story descent by rope to benefit lung cancer research

To raise money for lung cancer research, LUNGevity Foundation is hosting an
event in which participants will rappel 11 stories down the Woodward and Lothrop
Building at 1025 F. St. NW. from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sept. 29.

Participants must raise a minimum of $1,000 in donations and weigh between 100
and 300 pounds.

Registration is $50; only 92 participants can register.

For information or to register, go to http://lungevity.org/jumpdc.
Energy efficiency workshop for residents is next Thursday          The D.C.
Office of the People's Counsel is hosting an energy efficiency workshop from
11:30 to noon next Thursday at the old City Council chambers, first floor, 441
Fourth St. NW.

The workshop, designed for residents, will offer tips for making households more
energy efficient and will provide a list of D.C. government programs available
to help residents conserve household energy.

For information, call 202-727-3071 or e-mail pnelson@opc-dc.gov

Festival to feature ways residents can go green

The eighth annual Green Festival, from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m Sept. 29 and 11 a.m. to
6 p.m. Sept. 30, will feature exhibitors and speakers committed to
sustainability and ecological balance.

The festival will be at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center, Hall B, 801
Mount Vernon Pl. NW.

Speakers will include former Ohio congressman Dennis Kucinich, consumer advocate
Ralph Nader, former NAACP director Benjamin Chavis and Pacifica radio
commentator Amy Goodman.

Admission ranges from $15 to $65. For tickets, go to www.greenfestivals.org/wdc.
At the festival, Ford Motor Co. will offer a $5,000 Community Green Grant to a
local nonprofit group or community leader for a sustainable project. To apply,
e-mail communitygreengrant@actionpartners.com or mail Attn: Community Green
Grant, 3020 Carbon Pl., Suite 300, Boulder, CO 80301. The deadline is Sept. 7.

- Compiled by Terence McArdle

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             118 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 16, 2012 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

D.C. news in brief D.C. news in brief

SECTION: METRO; Pg. T16

LENGTH: 319 words

11-story descent by rope to benefit lung cancer research

To raise money for lung cancer research, LUNGevity Foundation is hosting an
event in which participants will rappel 11 stories down the Woodward and Lothrop
Building at 1025 F. St. NW. from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sept. 29.

Participants must raise a minimum of $1,000 in donations and weigh between 100
and 300 pounds.

Registration is $50; only 92 participants can register.

For information or to register, go to http://lungevity.org/jumpdc.

Energy efficiency workshop for residents is next Thursday

The D.C. Office of the People's Counsel is hosting an energy efficiency workshop
from 11:30 to noon next Thursday at the old City Council chambers, first floor,
441 Fourth St. NW.

The workshop, designed for residents, will offer tips for making households more
energy efficient and will provide a list of D.C. government programs available
to help residents conserve household energy.

For information, call 202-727-3071 or e-mail pnelson@opc-dc.gov

Festival to feature ways residents can go green

The eighth annual Green Festival, from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m Sept. 29 and 11 a.m. to
6 p.m. Sept. 30, will feature exhibitors and speakers committed to
sustainability and ecological balance.

The festival will be at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center, Hall B, 801
Mount Vernon Pl. NW.

Speakers will include former Ohio congressman Dennis Kucinich, consumer advocate
Ralph Nader, former NAACP director Benjamin Chavis and Pacifica radio
commentator Amy Goodman.

Admission ranges from $15 to $65. For tickets, go to www.greenfestivals.org/wdc.

At the festival, Ford Motor Co. will offer a $5,000 Community Green Grant to a
local nonprofit group or community leader for a sustainable project. To apply,
e-mail communitygreengrant@actionpartners.com or mail Attn: Community Green
Grant, 3020 Carbon Pl., Suite 300, Boulder, CO 80301. The deadline is Sept. 7.

- Compiled by Terence McArdle

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: DC

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             119 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       August 6, 2012 Monday 8:12 PM EST

A new guiding star for GuideStar

BYLINE: Vanessa Small

SECTION: ; Pg. A27

LENGTH: 523 words


The success of a charity often depends on more than the number of gowns and
black bow ties parading at a fundraising gala. It depends on more than the
contributions of a chief executive shoveling dirt at a troubled elementary
school. Or the mass of women in visors and pink T-shirts walking a 3K around the
National Mall.

The success often depends on the data that gets churned up by the savvy analysts
at a nonprofit group such as District-based GuideStar.

GuideStar combs through charity filings to produce reports on how groups spend
their  money, and that information is closely followed by donors who are trying
to decide where to give their time, talents and treasures.

Over the past 10 years, president and chief executive Bob Ottenhoff has watched
the demand grow for that data, generating revenue that rose to $9.7 million in
2010 from $2.8 million in 2000.

But donors don't just want an analysis of IRS filings any more. They want to
give to charities that make a palpable social impact, a quality that's not
always easy to measure. To stay useful, GuideStar needs to develop new
yardsticks.

"That's where GuideStar has got to go," Ottenhoff said.

Ottenhoff recently announced that he is stepping down and making way for Jacob
Harold, a 35-year-old foundation leader who has served on GuideStar's board
since 2010.

After studying literature and ethics in college, Harold worked for environmental
organizations including Green Peace and Rainforest Action Network.

During that time, he became familiar with the aggressive ways that often mark
community activism. In a protest stunt against Ford Motor Co., some of his
colleagues rappelled off of a building in downtown Detroit to hang a 50-foot
banner. Harold bailed them out of jail that night. The next day he found himself
in a suit speaking at the car manufacturer's shareholder meeting about the need
to build clean cars.

"To have the sort of impact that I think the world needs, I had to figure out
how to wear a suit and multiply my impact," Harold said. So he decided to go to
business school.

"A business approach is not fully translatable to the nonprofit sector ... but
there's no doubt that both sectors have a lot to learn from each other," he
said.

He spent a summer in India working on climate change for the David and Lucile
Packard Foundation and in China studied the science of complex systems. Suddenly
the world of philanthropy with all of its moving parts - donors, nonprofits,
social impact - seemed a bit more understandable.

Harold eventually moved to Bridgespan Group, a nonprofit consulting firm that
spun out of Boston venture capital firm Bain Capital in 2000.

He then joined the William and Flora Hewlett Packard Foundation, an organization
in Silicon Valley, where he managed a portfolio of $30 million. Harold was
instrumental in providing grants to GuideStar and other nonprofits that look to
answer tough questions around philanthropy.

Now a year and a half shy of the end of his term as a director, Harold couldn't
pass up the opportunity to bridge the world of big data to philanthropy.

"This felt like a great step for me," Harold said.

smallv@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             120 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 6, 2012 Monday
                                 Every Edition

A new guiding star for GuideStar

BYLINE: Vanessa Small

SECTION: Pg. A27

LENGTH: 523 words


The success of a charity often depends on more than the number of gowns and
black bow ties parading at a fundraising gala. It depends on more than the
contributions of a chief executive shoveling dirt at a troubled elementary
school. Or the mass of women in visors and pink T-shirts walking a 3K around the
National Mall.

The success often depends on the data that gets churned up by the savvy analysts
at a nonprofit group such as District-based GuideStar.

GuideStar combs through charity filings to produce reports on how groups spend
their  money, and that information is closely followed by donors who are trying
to decide where to give their time, talents and treasures.

Over the past 10 years, president and chief executive Bob Ottenhoff has watched
the demand grow for that data, generating revenue that rose to $9.7 million in
2010 from $2.8 million in 2000.

But donors don't just want an analysis of IRS filings any more. They want to
give to charities that make a palpable social impact, a quality that's not
always easy to measure. To stay useful, GuideStar needs to develop new
yardsticks.

"That's where GuideStar has got to go," Ottenhoff said.

Ottenhoff recently announced that he is stepping down and making way for Jacob
Harold, a 35-year-old foundation leader who has served on GuideStar's board
since 2010.

After studying literature and ethics in college, Harold worked for environmental
organizations including Green Peace and Rainforest Action Network.

During that time, he became familiar with the aggressive ways that often mark
community activism. In a protest stunt against Ford Motor Co., some of his
colleagues rappelled off of a building in downtown Detroit to hang a 50-foot
banner. Harold bailed them out of jail that night. The next day he found himself
in a suit speaking at the car manufacturer's shareholder meeting about the need
to build clean cars.

"To have the sort of impact that I think the world needs, I had to figure out
how to wear a suit and multiply my impact," Harold said. So he decided to go to
business school.

"A business approach is not fully translatable to the nonprofit sector ... but
there's no doubt that both sectors have a lot to learn from each other," he
said.

He spent a summer in India working on climate change for the David and Lucile
Packard Foundation and in China studied the science of complex systems. Suddenly
the world of philanthropy with all of its moving parts - donors, nonprofits,
social impact - seemed a bit more understandable.

Harold eventually moved to Bridgespan Group, a nonprofit consulting firm that
spun out of Boston venture capital firm Bain Capital in 2000.

He then joined the William and Flora Hewlett Packard Foundation, an organization
in Silicon Valley, where he managed a portfolio of $30 million. Harold was
instrumental in providing grants to GuideStar and other nonprofits that look to
answer tough questions around philanthropy.

Now a year and a half shy of the end of his term as a director, Harold couldn't
pass up the opportunity to bridge the world of big data to philanthropy.

"This felt like a great step for me," Harold said.

smallv@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             121 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       August 3, 2012 Friday 8:12 PM EST

Car crash

BYLINE: Editorial Board

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 541 words


AMERICANS STILL NOT convinced that Europe's woes are dragging down the world
economy need only read the latest news about U.S. automakers. Ford says it will
lose $1 billion in Europe this year, because of rapidly declining auto sales in
the recession-wracked continent. General Motors has just reported a $361 million
loss in Europe for the third quarter.

Ford's losses are mainly due to the recession; GM's are cyclical and structural.
Specifically, that company is saddled with an inefficient subsidiary, Opel, that
it can't seem to turn around. Both companies' stocks are down this year. Unlike
Ford, of course, GM is 26 percent taxpayer-owned, so when Opel loses money, we
all do. If the Treasury had to unload its 500 million GM shares at today's
prices, it would realize a $17 billion loss.

So it's nice to hear that the heavy hitters in European politics and economics -
German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Francois Hollande and European
Central Bank President Mario Draghi - have pledged in recent days to use all of
their power to save the European currency, the euro. With Spain's sovereign bond
yields spiking over the 7 percent rate considered sustainable, and new doubts
surfacing about Greece's ability to continue cutting its budget in return for
bailout funds, the markets desperately needed some reassurance.

Especially important was Mr. Draghi's statement that he is "ready to do whatever
it takes to preserve the euro. And believe me, it will be enough." This
suggested that he might cut interest rates and resume bond-buying to keep Spain
afloat.

At best, though, this amounts to more muddling-through, not a cure for Europe's
deep structural ills. Which brings us back to automobiles. Even if demand for
new cars in Europe were healthy, the continent would still be burdened with more
manufacturing capacity than its market can support. A recent Credit Suisse
analysis says that the industry needs to lose 10 percent of capacity to break
even and about 25 percent to achieve U.S. capacity-utilization levels. But
European governments exert pressure on their respective carmakers to keep plants
open and workers employed - and governments spend large quantities of borrowed
money for the same purpose. France's Peugeot lost a billion dollars in the first
half of this year, but when it announced layoffs and a plant closure, Mr.
Hollande, a Socialist, joined the union in opposing that plan and floated a plan
for more subsidies. Meanwhile, even in relatively flexible Germany, GM can't
restructure Opel without the union's say-so; as a result, the soonest that GM
could shut its aging plant  in that country is 2016.

This is ironic, given that Germany, France and other creditor countries are
asking Italy, Greece and Spain to liberalize their labor markets in return for
fresh loans. It's also counterproductive, since refusing to trim capacity in
northern Europe hurts troubled Fiat, upon whose prosperity Italy's solvency
partly depends.

Credit Suisse sensibly suggested that Europe take a page from the Obama
administration's book and appoint a "car czar" to restructure the industry on a
regional basis, without playing national favorites. In industry, as in finance,
Europe must choose: Cooperate or stagnate.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             122 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 3, 2012 Friday
                                Regional Edition

Car crash

BYLINE: Editorial Board

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 541 words


AMERICANS STILL NOT convinced that Europe's woes are dragging down the world
economy need only read the latest news about U.S. automakers. Ford says it will
lose $1 billion in Europe this year, because of rapidly declining auto sales in
the recession-wracked continent. General Motors has just reported a $361 million
loss in Europe for the third quarter.

Ford's losses are mainly due to the recession; GM's are cyclical and structural.
Specifically, that company is saddled with an inefficient subsidiary, Opel, that
it can't seem to turn around. Both companies' stocks are down this year. Unlike
Ford, of course, GM is 26 percent taxpayer-owned, so when Opel loses money, we
all do. If the Treasury had to unload its 500 million GM shares at today's
prices, it would realize a $17 billion loss.

So it's nice to hear that the heavy hitters in European politics and economics -
German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Francois Hollande and European
Central Bank President Mario Draghi - have pledged in recent days to use all of
their power to save the European currency, the euro. With Spain's sovereign bond
yields spiking over the 7 percent rate considered sustainable, and new doubts
surfacing about Greece's ability to continue cutting its budget in return for
bailout funds, the markets desperately needed some reassurance.

Especially important was Mr. Draghi's statement that he is "ready to do whatever
it takes to preserve the euro. And believe me, it will be enough." This
suggested that he might cut interest rates and resume bond-buying to keep Spain
afloat.

At best, though, this amounts to more muddling-through, not a cure for Europe's
deep structural ills. Which brings us back to automobiles. Even if demand for
new cars in Europe were healthy, the continent would still be burdened with more
manufacturing capacity than its market can support. A recent Credit Suisse
analysissays that the industry needs to lose 10 percent of capacity to break
even and about 25 percent to achieve U.S. capacity-utilization levels.

But European governments exert pressure on their respective carmakers to keep
plants open and workers employed - and governments spend large quantities of
borrowed money for the same purpose. France's Peugeot lost a billion dollars in
the first half of this year, but when it announced layoffs and a plant closure,
Mr.  Hollande, a Socialist, joined the union in opposing that plan and floated a
plan for more subsidies. Meanwhile, even in relatively flexible Germany, GM
can't restructure Opel without the union's say-so; as a result, the soonest that
GM could shut its aging plant  in that country is 2016.

This is ironic, given that Germany, France and other creditor countries are
asking Italy, Greece and Spain to liberalize their labor markets in return for
fresh loans. It's also counterproductive, since refusing to trim capacity in
northern Europe hurts troubled Fiat, upon whose prosperity Italy's solvency
partly depends.

Credit Suisse sensibly suggested that Europe take a page from the Obama
administration's book and appoint a "car czar" to restructure the industry on a
regional basis, without playing national favorites. In industry, as in finance,
Europe must choose: Cooperate or stagnate.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             123 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      August 2, 2012 Thursday 8:12 PM EST

SECTION: A section; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 819 words


Automotive          Japanese carmakers make a comeback

General Motors and Ford lost ground to Japanese automakers last month as their
rivals made a strong comeback from last year's earthquake.

GM's July sales fell 6 percent from a year earlier, while Ford's slipped 4
percent. By contrast, Honda sales leapt 45 percent and Toyota posted a 26
percent gain. Chrysler also did well, notching its best July in five years.

Total U.S. auto sales are expected to rise 11 percent when the final numbers
come in Wednesday, boosted by summer clearance deals and low-cost financing. The
Japanese are seeing the biggest sales gains from a year earlier, when they could
not supply enough models to U.S showrooms after production was hobbled by a
March earthquake.

In the first half of 2012, sales of new cars and trucks ran at an annual pace of
just more than 14 million, the industry's best performance in five years. Buyers
snapped up everything from small cars to pickups, making the industry a bright
spot in the economy. The only setback came in May, when sales slowed to an
annual pace of 13.8 million as the stock market dropped.

In July, car shoppers had a lot of financial enticements, analysts say. There
were good deals on last year's models, low- or no-interest financing and strong
trade-in values due to high used-car prices. That helped buyers shrug off
negatives such as stagnant hiring and the financial crisis in Europe.

- Associated Press

Global ECONOMY          IMF chief: 'Crisis' footing still needed

International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde warned Wednesday that
policymakers on both sides of the Atlantic "should continue to be in crisis
management mode" to deal with both the euro-zone debt crisis and the looming
U.S. "fiscal cliff."Speaking to reporters at IMF headquarters, Lagarde offered a
cautiously optimistic assessment of the euro zone. The proposals offered by
European leaders in late June to recapitalize Spain's troubled banking sector,
she said, were "a significant variation" from previous steps.

She praised Spain's efforts to enact structural reforms and said the country
needed to find a middle ground between austerity and growth. And she insisted
that the IMF would not abandon Greece, which is struggling to bring down its
debt load as a condition of its bailout.

"Do we think that this is enough?" Lagarde said. "No. Other steps should be
considered." Specifically, she said, the 17 members of the euro zone need to
continue to integrate their banking sectors and budget policies. She also said
the European Central Bank could do more on monetary policy, given low levels of
inflation.

- Brad Plumer

Also in Business

l  Time Warner said Wednesday that its net income fell 33 percent in the second
quarter as its Warner Bros. movie studio had weaker releases compared with a
year ago. The blockbuster Batman movie "The Dark Knight Rises" did not open in
theaters until the quarter ended. In the second quarter last year, Time Warner
had "The Hangover Part II" in theaters and the next-to-last Harry Potter movie
on home video. Net income was $430 million, or 44 cents per share, compared with
$638 million, or 59 cents per share, a year earlier.

l  Days after suing to stop the sale of Buckyballs magnets, federal regulators
said Wednesday that 11 firms that make or import similar magnets have agreed not
to distribute or sell them. The Consumer Product Safety Commission, which says
the small and powerful magnets pose grave dangers to children, did not disclose
the firms' names.

l  Oil climbed after U.S. crude inventories dropped the most in seven months on
speculation that central banks will take steps to support the economic recovery.

l  Natural and organic food company Annie's said Wednesday it priced an offering
of 3.2 million shares at $39.25 per share, the first stock offering since the
company went public in March. Annie's makes about 125 organic and natural food
products.

l  Baltimore-WashingtonInternational Thurgood Marshall Airport is now offering
free wireless Internet service to all travelers. The free WiFi launched
Wednesday. Reagan National and Washington Dulles International began offering
free WiFi last year.

- From staff reportsand news services

Coming Today

l  8:30 a.m.:Labor Department releases unemployment claims.

l  9 a.m.: U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Chamber Foundation hold a
quarterly economic briefing on the state of the economy and "the fiscal cliff."

l  10 a.m.:Factory orders and chain store sales released.

l  Earnings:CBS, Cigna, Clorox, DirecTV, General Motors, Kellogg, Kodiak Oil &
Gas, Kraft Foods, LinkedIn, OpenTable, Papa John's, Peets Coffee, Radio One,
Public Storage, Skullcandy, Zipcar.

Energy

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             124 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 2, 2012 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 776 words

Automotive

Japanese carmakers make a comeback

General Motors and Ford lost ground to Japanese automakers last month as their
rivals made a strong comeback from last year's earthquake.

GM's July sales fell 6 percent from a year earlier, while Ford's slipped 4
percent. By contrast, Honda sales leapt 45 percent and Toyota posted a 26
percent gain. Chrysler also did well, notching its best July in five years.

Total U.S. auto sales are expected to rise 11 percent when the final numbers
come in Wednesday, boosted by summer clearance deals and low-cost financing. The
Japanese are seeing the biggest sales gains from a year earlier, when they could
not supply enough models to U.S showrooms after production was hobbled by a
March earthquake.

In the first half of 2012, sales of new cars and trucks ran at an annual pace of
just more than 14 million, the industry's best performance in five years. Buyers
snapped up everything from small cars to pickups, making the industry a bright
spot in the economy. The only setback came in May, when sales slowed to an
annual pace of 13.8 million as the stock market dropped.

In July, car shoppers had a lot of financial enticements, analysts say. There
were good deals on last year's models, low- or no-interest financing and strong
trade-in values due to high used-car prices. That helped buyers shrug off
negatives such as stagnant hiring and the financial crisis in Europe.

- Associated Press

Global ECONOMY

IMF chief: 'Crisis' footing still needed

International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde warned Wednesday that
policymakers on both sides of the Atlantic "should continue to be in crisis
management mode" to deal with both the euro-zone debt crisis and the looming
U.S. "fiscal cliff."

Speaking to reporters at IMF headquarters, Lagarde offered a cautiously
optimistic assessment of the euro zone. The proposals offered by European
leaders in late June to recapitalize Spain's troubled banking sector, she said,
were "a significant variation" from previous steps.

She praised Spain's efforts to enact structural reforms and said the country
needed to find a middle ground between austerity and growth. And she insisted
that the IMF would not abandon Greece, which is struggling to bring down its
debt load as a condition of its bailout.

"Do we think that this is enough?" Lagarde said. "No. Other steps should be
considered." Specifically, she said, the 17 members of the euro zone need to
continue to integrate their banking sectors and budget policies. She also said
the European Central Bank could do more on monetary policy, given low levels of
inflation.

- Brad Plumer

Also in Business

lTime Warner said Wednesday that its net income fell 33 percent in the second
quarter as its Warner Bros. movie studio had weaker releases compared with a
year ago. The blockbuster Batman movie "The Dark Knight Rises" did not open in
theaters until the quarter ended. In the second quarter last year, Time Warner
had "The Hangover Part II" in theaters and the next-to-last Harry Potter movie
on home video. Net income was $430 million, or 44 cents per share, compared with
$638 million, or 59 cents per share, a year earlier.

lDays after suing to stop the sale of Buckyballs magnets, federal regulators
said Wednesday that 11 firms that make or import similar magnets have agreed not
to distribute or sell them. The Consumer Product Safety Commission, which says
the small and powerful magnets pose grave dangers to children, did not disclose
the firms' names.

lOil climbed after U.S. crude inventories dropped the most in seven months on
speculation that central banks will take steps to support the economic recovery.

lNatural and organic food company Annie's said Wednesday it priced an offering
of 3.2 million shares at $39.25 per share, the first stock offering since the
company went public in March. Annie's makes about 125 organic and natural food
products.

lBaltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport is now offering
free wireless Internet service to all travelers. The free WiFi launched
Wednesday. Reagan National and Washington Dulles International began offering
free WiFi last year.

- From staff reportsand news services

Coming Today

l8:30 a.m.: Labor Department releases unemployment claims.

l9 a.m.: U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Chamber Foundation hold a
quarterly economic briefing on the state of the economy and "the fiscal cliff."

l10 a.m.: Factory orders and chain store sales released.

lEarnings: CBS, Cigna, Clorox, DirecTV, General Motors, Kellogg, Kodiak Oil &
Gas, Kraft Foods, LinkedIn, OpenTable, Papa John's, Peets Coffee, Radio One,
Public Storage, Skullcandy, Zipcar.

Energy

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             125 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      August 1, 2012 Wednesday 8:12 PM EST

2 injured, Beltway snarled as truck spills cucumbers

BYLINE: Mark Berman

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B08

LENGTH: 183 words


An overturned tractor-trailer spilled cucumbers on the Capital Beltway in
Northern Virginia during the Tuesday morning rush, leading to lane closures and
long delays, police said. Two drivers were reported injured in the incident.

Virginia State Police said a Ford Fusion collided with a box truck about 8 a.m.
on the inner loop, just west of the Van Dorn Street exit in the Alexandria area.
Then the box truck struck a tractor-trailer, which veered into a Jersey barrier
and back onto the highway before hitting a sport-utility vehicle and
overturning, police said.

Cucumbers spilled across the roadway, leaving just one inner-loop lane open for
nearly 90 minutes, police said.

The drivers of the tractor-trailer and the Ford were taken to Inova Fairfax
Hospital for treatment of injuries that did not appear life-threatening, police
said. There were three children in the tractor-trailer, but none was injured,
and the drivers of the box truck and SUV also escaped injury, authorities said.

The driver of the Ford was charged with making an improper lane change, police
said.

bermanm@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             126 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 1, 2012 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

2 injured, Beltway snarled as truck spills cucumbers

BYLINE: Mark Berman

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B08

LENGTH: 183 words


An overturned tractor-trailer spilled cucumbers on the Capital Beltway in
Northern Virginia during the Tuesday morning rush, leading to lane closures and
long delays, police said. Two drivers were reported injured in the incident.

Virginia State Police said a Ford Fusion collided with a box truck about 8 a.m.
on the inner loop, just west of the Van Dorn Street exit in the Alexandria area.
Then the box truck struck a tractor-trailer, which veered into a Jersey barrier
and back onto the highway before hitting a sport-utility vehicle and
overturning, police said.

Cucumbers spilled across the roadway, leaving just one inner-loop lane open for
nearly 90 minutes, police said.

The drivers of the tractor-trailer and the Ford were taken to Inova Fairfax
Hospital for treatment of injuries that did not appear life-threatening, police
said. There were three children in the tractor-trailer, but none was injured,
and the drivers of the box truck and SUV also escaped injury, authorities said.

The driver of the Ford was charged with making an improper lane change, police
said.

bermanm@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             127 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        July 29, 2012 Sunday 8:12 PM EST

Romney ad takes the trees but leaves the forest

BYLINE: Glenn Kessler

SECTION: A section; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 1067 words


"To say what he said is to say that Steve Jobs didn't build Apple Computer or
that Bill Gates didn't build Microsoft or that Henry Ford didn't build Ford
Motor Company or that Ray Kroc didn't build McDonald's or that Papa John's
didn't build Papa John's Pizza. This is the height of foolishness. It shows how
out of touch he is with the character of America."

- Mitt Romney, July 18, 2012

There are few original ideas in politics, just old arguments.

We were reminded of this as we considered the ruckus over comments by President
Obama that his Republican rival, former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney,
criticized as an attack on free enterprise. The presumptive GOP presidential
nominee immediately began jabbing Obama on the campaign trail, and the Romney
campaign rushed out an attack ad focused on Obama's words - though, as we shall
see, it sliced and diced the president's quote to make it seem much worse.

We will stipulate that taking snippets of quotes and twisting them is an age-old
political tactic. In May, _blankwe gave Two Pinocchios to Obama for performing
out-of-context quote-snipping on Romney's words. But that doesn't make it right.
Let's take a look at what Obama actually said and then how it has been
interpreted.          The Facts          The president, during _blanka campaign
speech in Roanoke, tried to make the case that wealthy people need to have
higher taxes in order to help serve the public good. Here is what he said, with
the words used in the Romney campaign ad in bold type:                    "There
are a lot of wealthy, successful Americans who agree with me - because they want
to give something back. They know they didn't - look, if you've been successful,
you didn't get there on your own. You didn't get there on your own. I'm always
struck by people who think, well, it must be because I was just so smart. There
are a lot of smart people out there. It must be because I worked harder than
everybody else. Let me tell you something - there are a whole bunch of
hardworking people out there.          "If you were successful, somebody along
the line gave you some help. There was a great teacher somewhere in your life.
Somebody helped to create this unbelievable American system that we have that
allowed you to thrive. Somebody invested in roads and bridges. If you've got a
business - you didn't build that. Somebody else made that happen. The Internet
didn't get invented on its own. Government research created the Internet so that
all the companies could make money off the Internet. The point is, is that when
we succeed, we succeed because of our individual initiative, but also because we
do things together."

The biggest problem with Romney's ad is that it leaves out just enough chunks of
Obama's words - such as a reference to "roads and bridges" - so that it sounds
like Obama is attacking individual initiative. The ad deceivingly cuts away from
Obama speaking in order to make it seem as if the sentences follow one another,
when in fact eight sentences are snipped away.

Suddenly, the word "that" appears as if it is referring to a business, rather
than (apparently) to roads and bridges. (Granted, the president's grammar is
off.)

But instead of blaming Obama for bad economics, maybe Romney should have called
Obama a plagiarizer. That's because Obama's words seem suspiciously similar to a
speech last year by Senate candidate Elizabeth Warren, which became a YouTube
sensation (almost 1 million views).

Here's what the Massachusetts Democrat said, making the point clearer than Obama
did:

"There is nobody in this country who got rich on his own. Nobody. You built a
factory out there? Good for you. But I want to be clear: You moved your goods to
market on the roads the rest of us paid for; you hired workers the rest of us
paid to educate; you were safe in your factory because of police forces and fire
forces that the rest of us paid for. . . . Now look, you built a factory and it
turned into something terrific, or a great idea? God bless. Keep a big hunk of
it. But part of the underlying social contract is you take a hunk of that and
pay forward for the next kid who comes along."

But, then, maybe Warren is the plagiarizer? Here's how President Franklin D.
Roosevelt put it in _blanka message to Congress in 1935:          "Wealth in the
modern world does not come merely from individual effort; it results from a
combination of individual effort and of the manifold uses to which the community
puts that effort. The individual does not create the product of his industry
with his own hands; he utilizes the many processes and forces of mass production
to meet the demands of a national and international market. Therefore, in spite
of the great importance in our national life of the efforts and ingenuity of
unusual individuals, the people in the mass have inevitably helped to make large
fortunes possible. . . . Therefore, the duty rests upon the government to
restrict such incomes by very high taxes."

In other words, this is an argument that Democrats have been making for decades,
one that Republicans have every right to reject.

Romney, however, descends into silly season when he extrapolates Obama's quote
and says that means Obama believes Steve Jobs did not build Apple Inc.

Here's what Obama _blanksaid when Jobs died earlier this year, "By building one
of the planet's most successful companies from his garage, he exemplified the
spirit of American ingenuity."

That sounds like Obama believes that Jobs really did build his company. He did
not mention the roads to Cupertino, Calif.

The Pinocchio Test

Obama certainly could take from lessons from Warren or Roosevelt on how to frame
this argument in a way that is less susceptible for quote-snipping. And Romney
certainly could answer Obama's argument by engaging in a serious discussion
about whether the wealthy should pay much more in taxes as a matter of social
good and equity. That would be grounds for an elevated, interesting and
important debate.

But instead, by focusing on one ill-phrased sentence, Romney and his campaign
have decided to pretend that Obama is talking about something different - and
then further extrapolated it so that it becomes ridiculous. That's not very
original at all.

kesslerg@washpost.com

Read previous Fact Checker columns at washingtonpost.com/factchecker.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             128 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 29, 2012 Sunday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Romney ad takes the trees but leaves the forest

BYLINE: Glenn Kessler

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 1046 words


"To say what he said is to say that Steve Jobs didn't build Apple Computer or
that Bill Gates didn't build Microsoft or that Henry Ford didn't build Ford
Motor Company or that Ray Kroc didn't build McDonald's or that Papa John's
didn't build Papa John's Pizza. This is the height of foolishness. It shows how
out of touch he is with the character of America."

- Mitt Romney, July 18, 2012

There are few original ideas in politics, just old arguments.

We were reminded of this as we considered the ruckus over comments by President
Obama that his Republican rival, former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney,
criticized as an attack on free enterprise. The presumptive GOP presidential
nominee immediately began jabbing Obama on the campaign trail, and the Romney
campaign rushed out an attack ad focused on Obama's words - though, as we shall
see, it sliced and diced the president's quote to make it seem much worse.

We will stipulate that taking snippets of quotes and twisting them is an age-old
political tactic. In May, _blankwe gave Two Pinocchios to Obama for performing
out-of-context quote-snipping on Romney's words. But that doesn't make it right.
Let's take a look at what Obama actually said and then how it has been
interpreted.

The Facts

The president, during _blanka campaign speech in Roanoke, tried to make the case
that wealthy people need to have higher taxes in order to help serve the public
good. Here is what he said, with the words used in the Romney campaign ad in
bold type:

"There are a lot of wealthy, successful Americans who agree with me - because
they want to give something back. They know they didn't - look,if you've been
successful, you didn't get there on your own.You didn't get there on your own.
I'm always struck by people who think, well, it must be because I was just so
smart. There are a lot of smart people out there. It must be because I worked
harder than everybody else. Let me tell you something - there are a whole bunch
of hardworking people out there.           "If you were successful, somebody
along the line gave you some help. There was a great teacher somewhere in your
life. Somebody helped to create this unbelievable American system that we have
that allowed you to thrive. Somebody invested in roads and bridges.If you've got
a business - you didn't build that. Somebody else made that happen.The Internet
didn't get invented on its own. Government research created the Internet so that
all the companies could make money off the Internet. The point is, is that when
we succeed, we succeed because of our individual initiative, but also because we
do things together."

The biggest problem with Romney's ad is that it leaves out just enough chunks of
Obama's words - such as a reference to "roads and bridges" - so that it sounds
like Obama is attacking individual initiative. The ad deceivingly cuts away from
Obama speaking in order to make it seem as if the sentences follow one another,
when in fact eight sentences are snipped away.

Suddenly, the word "that" appears as if it is referring to a business, rather
than (apparently) to roads and bridges. (Granted, the president's grammar is
off.)

But instead of blaming Obama for bad economics, maybe Romney should have called
Obama a plagiarizer. That's because Obama's words seem suspiciously similar to a
speech last year by Senate candidate Elizabeth Warren, which became a YouTube
sensation (almost 1 million views).

Here's what the Massachusetts Democrat said, making the point clearer than Obama
did:

"There is nobody in this country who got rich on his own. Nobody. You built a
factory out there? Good for you. But I want to be clear: You moved your goods to
market on the roads the rest of us paid for; you hired workers the rest of us
paid to educate; you were safe in your factory because of police forces and fire
forces that the rest of us paid for. . . . Now look, you built a factory and it
turned into something terrific, or a great idea? God bless. Keep a big hunk of
it. But part of the underlying social contract is you take a hunk of that and
pay forward for the next kid who comes along."

But, then, maybe Warren is the plagiarizer? Here's how President Franklin D.
Roosevelt put it in _blanka message to Congress in 1935:

"Wealth in the modern world does not come merely from individual effort; it
results from a combination of individual effort and of the manifold uses to
which the community puts that effort. The individual does not create the product
of his industry with his own hands; he utilizes the many processes and forces of
mass production to meet the demands of a national and international market.
Therefore, in spite of the great importance in our national life of the efforts
and ingenuity of unusual individuals, the people in the mass have inevitably
helped to make large fortunes possible. . . . Therefore, the duty rests upon the
government to restrict such incomes by very high taxes."

In other words, this is an argument that Democrats have been making for decades,
one that Republicans have every right to reject.

Romney, however, descends into silly season when he extrapolates Obama's quote
and says that means Obama believes Steve Jobs did not build Apple Inc.

Here's what Obama _blanksaid when Jobs died earlier this year, "By building one
of the planet's most successful companies from his garage, he exemplified the
spirit of American ingenuity."

That sounds like Obama believes that Jobs really did build his company. He did
not mention the roads to Cupertino, Calif.

The Pinocchio Test

Obama certainly could take from lessons from Warren or Roosevelt on how to frame
this argument in a way that is less susceptible for quote-snipping. And Romney
certainly could answer Obama's argument by engaging in a serious discussion
about whether the wealthy should pay much more in taxes as a matter of social
good and equity. That would be grounds for an elevated, interesting and
important debate.

But instead, by focusing on one ill-phrased sentence, Romney and his campaign
have decided to pretend that Obama is talking about something different - and
then further extrapolated it so that it becomes ridiculous. That's not very
original at all.

kesslerg@washpost.com

Read previous Fact Checker columns at washingtonpost.com/factchecker.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             129 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 26, 2012 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

Ford profit falls by more than half as European crisis cuts into auto sales

BYLINE: Dee-Ann Durbin

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 440 words

DATELINE: DEARBORN, MICH.


DEARBORN, Mich. - Ford's second-quarter profit fell by more than half amid
plummeting sales in Europe and no hope for a quick fix in the troubled region.

Ford joined a string of other multinational companies - including UPS and Xerox
- in cutting its profit forecast for the year because of weakness in Europe. The
company expects to lose more than $1 billion in the region in 2012, double its
estimate from the beginning of the year.

The results underscore the importance of Europe, where Ford faces an economy in
crisis. Ford relies on the region for about 25 percent of its sales and revenue.
Sales in the region have fallen to 20-year lows as buyers shy away from big
purchases.

"This is a very serious situation," said Ford Chief Financial Officer Bob
Shanks. "It's going to take quite a long time for Europe to work through these
issues."

Ford stock closed down 9 cents, or nearly 1 percent, to $8.97 Wednesday. Earlier
in the session, the stock hit a 52-week low of $8.92.

The automaker still expects a "strong" overall operating profit in 2012, but it
will be lower than the $8.7 billion it earned in 2011. Ford had previously
expected to make about the same amount as last year.

Ford earned $1 billion, or 26 cents per share, in the quarter, down 57 percent
from $2.4 billion, or 59 cents, a year earlier. Without one-time items,
including the sale of two parts factories, it earned 30 cents. That beat Wall
Street's forecast of 28 cents. Quarterly revenue fell 6 percent, to $33.3
billion.

Ford posted a $2 billion profit in North America in the second quarter because
of higher pricing and highly anticipated new vehicles such as the Escape. That
was up 5.3 percent from a year earlier.

But losses elsewhere swamped North American gains. Ford lost $404 million in
Europe, down from a profit of $176 million last year. Sales of cars and trucks
in the region fell 15 percent. Ford also lost market share as it refused to ramp
up deals to lure buyers, as many German automakers have.

Ford said it is reviewing its options in Europe but wouldn't announce plant
closures. Shanks said the company is laying off temporary workers, slowing
assembly lines and shortening factory shifts to save money.

Other regions also were weaker. Ford lost $66 million in Asia, where it is in
the midst of a multiyear plan to increase production and vehicle offerings. That
was down from a $1 million profit in the same quarter a year earlier.

Ford's profits narrowed considerably in South America, where it is being hurt by
older products and rising tariffs. The company earned $5 million in South
America in the second quarter, down 98 percent.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             130 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        July 23, 2012 Monday 8:12 PM EST

SECTION: Style; Pg. C08

LENGTH: 20 words


CHIP SAYS

On this date in 1903-,

t he Ford Motor Company sold its first car, the Model A. Its base price was
$750-.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             131 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        July 23, 2012 Monday 8:12 PM EST

Romney attacks Obama's commitment to business

BYLINE: Catherine Ho

SECTION: ; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 308 words


Presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney sought to discredit President Obama's
business record last week, citing an excerpt from the president's speech to
frame him as anti-entrepreneurial.          In the speech, Obama said, "If
you've got a business, you didn't build that. Somebody else made that happen."

In context, Obama's statement alluded to the fact that successful people have
benefited from the help of others, including teachers and government investment
in roads and bridges.

"Somebody along the line gave you some help," Obama said. "There was a great
teacher somewhere in your life. Somebody helped to create this unbelievable
American system that we have that allowed you to thrive. Somebody invested in
roads and bridges."

But Romney and other Republicans jumped at the chance to interpret the
president's words to mean he does not support American entrepreneurship.

"To say that Steve Jobs didn't build Apple, that Henry Ford didn't build Ford
Motors ...   It's insulting to every entrepreneur, every innovator in America,"
Romney said Tuesday in Pennsylvania.

"This idea of criticizing and attacking success, of demonizing those in all
walks of life who have been successful, is something that is so foreign to us
that we can't understand it," Romney told a crowd in Ohio the following day.

Romney also seized on a Labor Department report released Thursday that showed
the number of people applying for unemployment benefits rose by 34,000 the
previous week as proof that Obama had not done enough to encourage businesses to
hire, the Associated Press reported.Obama had planned to respond to Romney's
attacks during campaign speeches in Florida on Friday, but the campaign
cancelled all scheduled events so the president could address the shooting in a
Colorado movie theater that left at least 12 people dead.

hoc@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             132 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 23, 2012 Monday
                                 Every Edition

Romney attacks Obama's commitment to business

BYLINE: Catherine Ho

SECTION: Pg. A14

LENGTH: 305 words


Presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney sought to discredit President Obama's
business record last week, citing an excerpt from the president's speech to
frame him as anti-entrepreneurial.

In the speech, Obama said, "If you've got a business, you didn't build that.
Somebody else made that happen."

In context, Obama's statement alluded to the fact that successful people have
benefited from the help of others, including teachers and government investment
in roads and bridges.

"Somebody along the line gave you some help," Obama said. "There was a great
teacher somewhere in your life. Somebody helped to create this unbelievable
American system that we have that allowed you to thrive. Somebody invested in
roads and bridges."

But Romney and other Republicans jumped at the chance to interpret the
president's words to mean he does not support American entrepreneurship.

"To say that Steve Jobs didn't build Apple, that Henry Ford didn't build Ford
Motors ...   It's insulting to every entrepreneur, every innovator in America,"
Romney said Tuesday in Pennsylvania.

"This idea of criticizing and attacking success, of demonizing those in all
walks of life who have been successful, is something that is so foreign to us
that we can't understand it," Romney told a crowd in Ohio the following day.

Romney also seized on a Labor Department report released Thursday that showed
the number of people applying for unemployment benefits rose by 34,000 the
previous week as proof that Obama had not done enough to encourage businesses to
hire, the Associated Press reported.

Obama had planned to respond to Romney's attacks during campaign speeches in
Florida on Friday, but the campaign cancelled all scheduled events so the
president could address the shooting in a Colorado movie theater that left at
least 12 people dead.

hoc@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             133 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 23, 2012 Monday
                                Regional Edition

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C08

LENGTH: 20 words


CHIP SAYSâ[#x20ac][#x201a]

On this date in 1903â[#x2c6][#x161],

t he Ford Motor Company sold its first car, the Model A. Its base price was
$750â[#x2c6][#x161].

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             134 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        July 22, 2012 Sunday 8:12 PM EST

SECTION: ; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 410 words


Monday

}International AIDS Society opens six-day AIDS Conference

}National Academy of Sciences opens two-day conference on "Pipeline
Transportation of Diluted Bitumen"

}Coca-Cola, Corelogic, Halliburton, Hasbro, McDonald's, Texas Instruments report
earnings

Tuesday

}Senate Commerce hearing on television

}Senate Banking hearing on private student loans

}House Financial Services hearing on consumer access to credit

}House Ways and Means hearing on Medicare physician payment reform

}House Judiciary hearing on state sales tax and Internet transactions

}House Oversight hearing on Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and consumer
credit

}House Financial Services hearing on Dodd-Frank and insurance regulations

}House Energy hearing on loan guarantee program

}Aflac, Apple, AT&T, Domino's, Du Pont, Lockheed Martin, Netflix, Panera, Six
Flags, Spirit Airlines, Unisys, Under Armour, United Parcel Service, Valcom,
Western Union, Whirlpool report earnings

Wednesday

}Senate Finance hearing on education tax incentives and tax reform

}House Financial Services hearing on Financial Stability Oversight Council

}House Agriculture hearing on swaps and futures markets

}House Judiciary hearing on cloud computing

}New-home sales report

}AOL, Boeing, Bristol-Myer Squibb, Caterpillar, ConocoPhillips, Crocs, Delta
Airlines, Eli Lilly,  Ethan Allen, Ford Motor, General Dynamics,
IAC/Interactive, Jet Blue, KBR, Lithia Motors, Morningstar, Motorola Solutions,
Nasdaq OMX, Northrop Grumman, Pepsico, Piper Jaffray, Radioshack, Skechers, T.
Rowe Price, Tesla Motors, US Airways, Visa, Whiting Petroleum, Whole Foods,
Wyndham Worldwide, Zynga report earnings

Thursday

}Senate Banking hearing on Libor

}House Financial Services hearing on 10th anniversary of Sarbanes-Oxley

}Durable goods orders

}Pending home sales index

}3M, Alaska Air, Amazon.com, Amgen, Brink's Company, Cabela's, Choice Hotels,
Clearwire, Colgate-Palmolive, Dow Chemical, Dr Pepper Snapple, Dunkin' Brands,
Eastman Kodak, EHealth, Expedia, Exxon Mobil, Hershey, International Paper,
Kimberly-Clark, KKR Financial, McGraw-Hill, Moody's, New York Times,
Nutrisystem, Raytheon, Regal Entertainment, Sprint Nextel, Starbucks, Starwood
Hotels report earnings

Friday

}GDP report

}Consumer sentiment report

}Chevron, Legg Mason, McClatchy, Merck, Weyerhaeuser report earnings

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             135 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 22, 2012 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 384 words

Monday

}International AIDS Society opens six-day AIDS Conference

}National Academy of Sciences opens two-day conference on "Pipeline
Transportation of Diluted Bitumen"

}Coca-Cola, Corelogic, Halliburton, Hasbro, McDonald's, Texas Instruments report
earnings

Tuesday

}Senate Commerce hearing on television

}Senate Banking hearing on private student loans

}House Financial Services hearing on consumer access to credit

}House Ways and Means hearing on Medicare physician payment reform

}House Judiciary hearing on state sales tax and Internet transactions

}House Oversight hearing on Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and consumer
credit

}House Financial Services hearing on Dodd-Frank and insurance regulations

}House Energy hearing on loan guarantee program

}Aflac, Apple, AT&T, Domino's, Du Pont, Lockheed Martin, Netflix, Panera, Six
Flags, Spirit Airlines, Unisys, Under Armour, United Parcel Service, Valcom,
Western Union, Whirlpool report earnings

Wednesday

}Senate Finance hearing on education tax incentives and tax reform

}House Financial Services hearing on Financial Stability Oversight Council

}House Agriculture hearing on swaps and futures markets

}House Judiciary hearing on cloud computing

}New-home sales report

}AOL, Boeing, Bristol-Myer Squibb, Caterpillar, ConocoPhillips, Crocs, Delta
Airlines, Eli Lilly,  Ethan Allen, Ford Motor, General Dynamics,
IAC/Interactive, Jet Blue, KBR, Lithia Motors, Morningstar, Motorola Solutions,
Nasdaq OMX, Northrop Grumman, Pepsico, Piper Jaffray, Radioshack, Skechers, T.
Rowe Price, Tesla Motors, US Airways, Visa, Whiting Petroleum, Whole Foods,
Wyndham Worldwide, Zynga report earnings

Thursday

}Senate Banking hearing on Libor

}House Financial Services hearing on 10th anniversary of Sarbanes-Oxley

}Durable goods orders

}Pending home sales index

}3M, Alaska Air, Amazon.com, Amgen, Brink's Company, Cabela's, Choice Hotels,
Clearwire, Colgate-Palmolive, Dow Chemical, Dr Pepper Snapple, Dunkin' Brands,
Eastman Kodak, EHealth, Expedia, Exxon Mobil, Hershey, International Paper,
Kimberly-Clark, KKR Financial, McGraw-Hill, Moody's, New York Times,
Nutrisystem, Raytheon, Regal Entertainment, Sprint Nextel, Starbucks, Starwood
Hotels report earnings

Friday

}GDP report

}Consumer sentiment report

}Chevron, Legg Mason, McClatchy, Merck, Weyerhaeuser report earnings

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             136 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        July 20, 2012 Friday 8:12 PM EST

SECTION: A section; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 686 words


AUTOMOTIVE          Ford recallingnew Escape SUVs

Ford is telling owners of one version of the new Ford Escape not to drive the
sport-utility vehicles until dealers fix fuel lines that can crack and spill
gasoline, causing engine fires.

The company issued the unusual warning Thursday and said it is recalling 2013
Escapes equipped with 1.6-liter, four-cylinder engines. Dealers will pick up the
Escapes and drop off a loaner car that customers can use until the repairs are
finished. The company is hoping to ship parts and get all the SUVs repaired in
the next two weeks.

Ford says it had three reports of fires: two at the factory and one while a
customer was driving.  No one has been injured.

The recall affects 11,500 Escapes in the United States and Canada. Only 4,800
have been sold to customers. The rest are on dealer lots and will be fixed
before they are sold.

- Associated Press

Internet          Google earnings up 11% in 2nd quarter

Google's second-quarter earnings rose 11 percent despite a deepening decline in
the prices paid for its Internet search advertising.

The results announced Thursday included Google's $12.5 billion acquisition of
cellphone maker Motorola Mobility Holdings for the first time. Google owned
Motorola for the final 39 days of the quarter ending in June.

Google earned $2.8 billion, or $8.42 per share, during the three-month period.
That compared with net income of $2.5 billion, or $7.68 per share, in the same
period last year.

Revenue climbed 35 percent, to $12.2 billion. If not for the Motorola
acquisition, revenue would have increased by 21 percent.

- Associated Press

Also in Business

l  The House Ways and Means Committee, which oversees trade, is set to vote next
week on a Russia trade bill, giving momentum to legislation that lawmakers and
business groups say is crucial to expanding exports in Russia's growing markets.

l  America's loss is Argentina's gain. Record soy prices due to a punishing
drought in the U.S. heartland are expected to create billions of dollars in new
revenue for the South American country, which is the world's third-largest soy
producer, behind the United States and Brazil. Prices for soybeans for August
delivery gained 50 cents, or 3 percent, to end at $17.34 a bushel. Corn also
beat its all-time high of a year ago, with September deliveries rising 13 cents
to finish at $8.08 per bushel. September wheat also rose a sharp 32 cents to
close at $9.35 per bushel on the Chicago Board of Trade, its highest price since
2008.

l  Microsoft said Thursday that an accounting adjustment to reflect a weak
online ad business led to its first quarterly loss in its 26 years as a public
company. The software company had warned that it was taking a $6.2 billion
charge because its 2007 purchase of online ad service aQuantive hasn't yielded
the returns envisioned by management. The non-cash adjustment is something
companies do when the value of their assets decline. Microsoft paid $6.3 billion
for aQuantive, only to see rival Google expand its share of the online ad
market.

l  An arbitrator says Ford didn't violate an agreement with the United Auto
Workers union when it restored some benefits for salaried workers - but not
hourly ones - two years ago. The UAW filed a grievance in 2010 saying Ford
violated a commitment to share equally when it reinstated merit increases and
401(k) matches to salaried workers.

l  Yum Brandsdished up assurances Thursday that its recent profit slump in China
will be short-lived, as top executives for the fast-food restaurant company
stood behind their growth strategy in Yum's most important overseas market. The
owner of the Taco Bell, KFC and Pizza Hut chains overcame a rare setback in its
China operations on the strength of a rejuvenated U.S. business, especially at
Taco Bell. Yum said Wednesday its second-quarter net income grew by 5 percent.

- From news services

Coming Today

l  10 a.m.:Jobless claims reported.

l  Earnings:Goodrich, Hanesbrands, Schlumberger, US Airways and Xerox.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             137 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 20, 2012 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 660 words

AUTOMOTIVE

Ford recallingnew Escape SUVs

Ford is telling owners of one version of the new Ford Escape not to drive the
sport-utility vehicles until dealers fix fuel lines that can crack and spill
gasoline, causing engine fires.

The company issued the unusual warning Thursday and said it is recalling 2013
Escapes equipped with 1.6-liter, four-cylinder engines. Dealers will pick up the
Escapes and drop off a loaner car that customers can use until the repairs are
finished. The company is hoping to ship parts and get all the SUVs repaired in
the next two weeks.

Ford says it had three reports of fires: two at the factory and one while a
customer was driving.  No one has been injured.

The recall affects 11,500 Escapes in the United States and Canada. Only 4,800
have been sold to customers. The rest are on dealer lots and will be fixed
before they are sold.

- Associated Press

Internet

Google earnings up 11% in 2nd quarter

Google's second-quarter earnings rose 11 percent despite a deepening decline in
the prices paid for its Internet search advertising.

The results announced Thursday included Google's $12.5 billion acquisition of
cellphone maker Motorola Mobility Holdings for the first time. Google owned
Motorola for the final 39 days of the quarter ending in June.

Google earned $2.8 billion, or $8.42 per share, during the three-month period.
That compared with net income of $2.5 billion, or $7.68 per share, in the same
period last year.

Revenue climbed 35 percent, to $12.2 billion. If not for the Motorola
acquisition, revenue would have increased by 21 percent.

- Associated Press

Also in Business

lThe House Ways and Means Committee, which oversees trade, is set to vote next
week on a Russia trade bill, giving momentum to legislation that lawmakers and
business groups say is crucial to expanding exports in Russia's growing markets.

lAmerica's loss is Argentina's gain. Record soy prices due to a punishing
drought in the U.S. heartland are expected to create billions of dollars in new
revenue for the South American country, which is the world's third-largest soy
producer, behind the United States and Brazil. Prices for soybeans for August
delivery gained 50 cents, or 3 percent, to end at $17.34 a bushel. Corn also
beat its all-time high of a year ago, with September deliveries rising 13 cents
to finish at $8.08 per bushel. September wheat also rose a sharp 32 cents to
close at $9.35 per bushel on the Chicago Board of Trade, its highest price since
2008.

lMicrosoft said Thursday that an accounting adjustment to reflect a weak online
ad business led to its first quarterly loss in its 26 years as a public company.
The software company had warned that it was taking a $6.2 billion charge because
its 2007 purchase of online ad service aQuantive hasn't yielded the returns
envisioned by management. The non-cash adjustment is something companies do when
the value of their assets decline. Microsoft paid $6.3 billion for aQuantive,
only to see rival Google expand its share of the online ad market.

lAn arbitrator says Ford didn't violate an agreement with the United Auto
Workers union when it restored some benefits for salaried workers - but not
hourly ones - two years ago. The UAW filed a grievance in 2010 saying Ford
violated a commitment to share equally when it reinstated merit increases and
401(k) matches to salaried workers.

lYum Brands dished up assurances Thursday that its recent profit slump in China
will be short-lived, as top executives for the fast-food restaurant company
stood behind their growth strategy in Yum's most important overseas market. The
owner of the Taco Bell, KFC and Pizza Hut chains overcame a rare setback in its
China operations on the strength of a rejuvenated U.S. business, especially at
Taco Bell. Yum said Wednesday its second-quarter net income grew by 5 percent.

- From news services

Coming Today

l10 a.m.: Jobless claims reported.

lEarnings: Goodrich, Hanesbrands, Schlumberger, US Airways and Xerox.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             138 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        July 16, 2012 Monday 8:12 PM EST

Ford recalls thousands of Escape SUVsfor carpet fix

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: A section; Pg. A07

LENGTH: 183 words


DETROIT - Ford Motor Co. is recalling more than 10,000 redesigned 2013 Escape
sport-utility vehicles to fix carpet padding that could get in the way of
braking.

Ford says that incorrectly positioned carpet padding could reduce space around
the pedals and cause drivers to hit the side of the brake pedal when switching
from the accelerator.

The automaker told the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration that
dealers will remove the carpet padding and replace a console trim panel at no
charge.

Ford said the recall covers 8,266 vehicles in the United States. Company
spokeswoman Marcey Zwiebel said it also affects about 2,000 vehicles in Canada
and a couple of hundred in Mexico.

Zwiebel said Ford has not received any reports of accidents or injuries related
to the problem, which she said was discovered "through internal evaluations."
The vehicles were built between March 8 and June 7 at Ford's assembly plant in
Louisville.

The recall is expected to begin July 23. Owners may call the automaker at
866-436-7332.

Ford sold 28,500 Escapes last month, up 28 percent from June 2011.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             139 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 16, 2012 Monday
                                Suburban Edition

Ford recalls thousands of Escape SUVsfor carpet fix

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A07

LENGTH: 181 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


DETROIT - Ford Motor Co. is recalling more than 10,000 redesigned 2013 Escape
sport-utility vehicles to fix carpet padding that could get in the way of
braking.

Ford says that incorrectly positioned carpet padding could reduce space around
the pedals and cause drivers to hit the side of the brake pedal when switching
from the accelerator.

The automaker told the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration that
dealers will remove the carpet padding and replace a console trim panel at no
charge.

Ford said the recall covers 8,266 vehicles in the United States. Company
spokeswoman Marcey Zwiebel said it also affects about 2,000 vehicles in Canada
and a couple of hundred in Mexico.

Zwiebel said Ford has not received any reports of accidents or injuries related
to the problem, which she said was discovered "through internal evaluations."
The vehicles were built between March 8 and June 7 at Ford's assembly plant in
Louisville.

The recall is expected to begin July 23. Owners may call the automaker at
866-436-7332.

Ford sold 28,500 Escapes last month, up 28 percent from June 2011.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             140 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       July 5, 2012 Thursday 8:12 PM EST

An F-150? Oh, the hardship . . .

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 231 words


Jane Touzalin's wrenching account of being compelled to drive a Ford F-150,
which "nearly ruined" her vacation ["The rental car that made me blubber,"
Travel, July 1] prompts this offer: Next time, she can reach out to either of my
20-something  daughters for help. They, too, were compelled by circumstance to
drive a Ford F-150, in their case with extended cab and long bed, and, more
forbidding, a 1999 Suburban. Their plight lasted not just a week but for the
duration of their teen driving years.

These vehicles are longer and heavier than the F-150 that Ms. Touzalin endured.
And, unlike her, a self-proclaimed good, "maybe even a great" driver, my
daughters were newbies. So far as I know, they were not "gifted" drivers and
have no extraordinary physical traits. Nonetheless, their driving records were
(and remain) admirable. They logged thousands of miles in Northern Virginia
traffic, including 20-mile round trips to high school, with but one incident, a
parallel parking mishap.

My offer is not just for Ms. Touzalin's benefit but also for the well-being of
her fellow travelers. Frankly, her admission about lane changing was
bone-chilling. "Changing lanes seemed fraught with peril; was there another car
beside me? I couldn't tell." Blind lane changing surely contravenes any
definition of safe driving. Is the Georgia State Patrol out looking for her?

Richard Moore, Arlington

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             141 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 5, 2012 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

An F-150? Oh, the hardship . . .

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 231 words


Jane Touzalin's wrenching account of being compelled to drive a Ford F-150,
which "nearly ruined" her vacation ["The rental car that made me blubber,"
Travel, July 1] prompts this offer: Next time, she can reach out to either of my
20-something  daughters for help.

They, too, were compelled by circumstance to drive a Ford F-150, in their case
with extended cab and long bed, and, more forbidding, a 1999 Suburban. Their
plight lasted not just a week but for the duration of their teen driving years.

These vehicles are longer and heavier than the F-150 that Ms. Touzalin endured.
And, unlike her, a self-proclaimed good, "maybe even a great" driver, my
daughters were newbies. So far as I know, they were not "gifted" drivers and
have no extraordinary physical traits. Nonetheless, their driving records were
(and remain) admirable. They logged thousands of miles in Northern Virginia
traffic, including 20-mile round trips to high school, with but one incident, a
parallel parking mishap.

My offer is not just for Ms. Touzalin's benefit but also for the well-being of
her fellow travelers. Frankly, her admission about lane changing was
bone-chilling. "Changing lanes seemed fraught with peril; was there another car
beside me? I couldn't tell." Blind lane changing surely contravenes any
definition of safe driving. Is the Georgia State Patrol out looking for her?

Richard Moore, Arlington

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             142 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 4, 2012 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Economic news fails to slow June car sales

BYLINE: Dee-Ann Durbin

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 611 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


DETROIT - From minicars to monster pickups, sales of new autos and trucks surged
in June and eased concerns that Americans would be turned off by slower hiring
and other scary headlines.

Automakers sold nearly 1.3 million cars and trucks in June, up 22 percent from
the same month last year. Chrysler had its best June in five years. Sales soared
at Volkswagen, which is on track for its best year in the United States since
1973.

The results allayed fears that the car market's momentum had stalled. U.S. sales
were on track to reach 14.5 million after the first four months of the year. But
the annual pace dropped to 13.8 million in May as the stock market plunged and
hiring slowed. June brought more worrisome news about job growth and consumer
confidence.

But buyers didn't go away. In fact, June's sales pace rose to 14.1 million,
according to Autodata. And if sales stay at that level for all of 2012, it will
be the industry's best year since 2007.

Falling gasoline prices, cheaper loans and new models such as the Ford Escape
and Dodge Dart drew buyers. A revived housing market lifted sales of pickups.
And there was still plenty of demand from people who bought cars in the middle
of the past decade and needed to replace them. Annual sales hit a high of 17
million in 2005, and those cars and trucks are now seven years old.

"If a family in Iowa's only mode of transportation is on the fritz, they are
going to buy a replacement vehicle, even if Spain's economy is on the brink of
collapse," said Alec Gutierrez, a senior market analyst at Kelley Blue Book.

Automakers also started their Independence Day promotions a little early, and
that juiced sales at the end of the month.

"In the last two weeks, we really went all-out," said Bill Underriner, who sells
Volvos, Buicks, Hondas and Hyundais in Billings, Mont.

Falling gas prices meant buyers were more likely to consider bigger cars and
sport-utility vehicles in June, not just the small cars that sold well at the
beginning of the year. Jeep Liberty SUV sales rose 50 percent, and sales of the
Ford Explorer jumped 35 percent. Gas averaged $3.43 per gallon at the end of
June, down 41 cents from the end of March.

Pickup truck sales also improved as home building perked up. Chrysler's Ram
pickup sales rose 12 percent and sales of the Ford F-Series - which have long
been the country's best-selling vehicles - rose 11 percent.

At Chrysler, sales of the tiny Fiat 500 and the Chrysler 300 large sedan more
than doubled from a year earlier, helping the company to a 20 percent gain for
the month.

General Motors' sales rose 16 percent, with strong demand for the Chevy Malibu
midsize sedan and the Volt electric car.

Ford's overall sales rose 7 percent. A new version of the Escape small SUV
posted its best month ever.

Toyota's sales rose 60 percent for the month while Honda's climbed 49 percent,
but that wasn't surprising. Last year, both companies had little inventory at
U.S. dealerships because of the earthquake in Japan. Now, they're taking back
sales that their rivals gained last year. The Chevrolet Cruze, for example, was
the top-selling car in the country in June 2011, but its sales dropped 24
percent last month. Sales of  the Honda Civic and the Toyota Corolla rose more
than 40 percent each.

Among other automakers reporting Tuesday:

l Nissan's sales rose 28 percent. Sales of the new Versa small car and the Quest
minivan more than doubled.

l Volkswagen sales rose 34 percent on strong demand for two redesigned cars: the
Beetle and the Passat.

l Hyundai's sales rose 8 percent. Sales of the new Accent jumped 57 percent,
while sales of the luxury Equus sedan rose 61 percent.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             143 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        July 1, 2012 Sunday 8:12 PM EST

A cross-border battle over bankruptcy

BYLINE: Kambiz Foroohar;Brendan Case

SECTION: ; Pg. G03

LENGTH: 2363 words


On a scorching April morning in Monterrey, Mexico, Enrique Garcia, Vitro's local
plant manager, crosses under a mural that commemorates the 100th anniversary of
the company's first glass factory. He points to brick structures from the
original plant.

Then, with visitors in tow, Garcia heads toward a steel-and-tin building where
machines the size of minivans churn out 3 million bottles a day for Avon
Products, Coca-Cola and Francis Ford Coppola Winery. Vitro is Mexico's biggest
glassmaker and among the nation's top employers, with 17,000 workers.
"Almost every family in Monterrey has had someone who has worked at Vitro,"
Garcia shouts above the hammering of presses and the whoosh of molten glass
being fired into bottle-shaped molds.

The whir of activity gives no indication that Vitro has been fighting its way
through Mexican and U.S. courts - or that it's waging a bare-knuckle brawl with
a number of hedge funds, including Paul Singer's Elliott Management.

Silver-haired investor Singer, whose New York hedge fund had more than $20
billion in assets as of June, swooped in in 2010, more than a year after Vitro's
February 2009 default on $1.2 billion of bonds.

Singer, who's adept at profiting from the debt of floundering companies such as
Lehman Brothers Holdings, snapped up Vitro's bonds at a discount. Then he sued
to be paid in full, countering Vitro's proposed debt restructuring that offered
outside creditors about half of their original investment.

In lawsuit after lawsuit in Mexico and the United States, Elliott and other
hedge funds have challenged Vitro's bankruptcy and sought to seize the
glassmaker's American assets and revenue from customers that include Ford Motor
Co.          "Paul Singer's not afraid to do the work on situations that frankly
scare a lot of people off," says Kenneth Buckfire, chief executive and managing
director of Miller Buckfire, a New York-based investment bank that has
restructured bankrupt companies.

Singer, a Republican power broker who has given $1 million to presumptive
presidential nominee Mitt Romney's super PAC, might have prevailed but for Vitro
chief executive Hugo Lara.

'A legacy'          "We started this process with a conviction that we had a
business, a legacy and jobs that we were ready to defend," Lara says. Urged on
by Vitro Chairman Adrian Sada, the company founder's great-grandson, Vitro has
gone toe to toe with Singer.

In May, a Mexican appeals court ordered Elliott and other funds to pay Vitro's
legal expenses on some lawsuits that courts have dismissed.

Vitro's reorganization was approved by a court in Mexico earlier this year over
objections by bondholders who have appealed. Because Vitro has units in the
United States, it asked a Dallas court to enforce its Mexican restructuring
under U.S. Bankruptcy Code Chapter 15 - which applies to cross-border issues -
in an effort to stop litigation by debt holders such as Singer.

On June 13, Judge Harlin "Cooter" Hale denied Vitro's request, saying the
Mexican plan was defective because it didn't sufficiently protect interests of
U.S. creditors.

The judge also found that there was evidence of possible suspect voting in
company reorganization proceedings because Vitro used insiders to swamp outside
creditors. Two days later, the judge reaffirmed that Vitro shouldn't move assets
or divert business to other entities in a bid to frustrate bondholders.

The wrangling showed no signs of dissipating as Vitro appealed Hale's decision.

"We are confident in the legal basis for our arguments," says Andrew LeBlanc, a
U.S. lawyer for Vitro.

Sada, 67, a graduate of the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania,
says he's determined to maintain his family's grip.

"We have a very high percentage of stockholders," says Sada, who looks dapper in
his midnight-blue pinstriped suit in spite of the heat. The Sadas and relatives
in the Garza family trace their business roots to a brewery started in 1890.

The Garzas control Alfa, which owns Alpek, Mexico's largest petrochemical
company, and Fomento Economico Mexicano, which owns Oxxo, Latin America's
biggest convenience store chain. Singer declined to comment for this story.
International brawl          As the Singer-Vitro battle sprawls across two
countries, it's pitting one of the world's most successful hedge fund managers
against one of Mexico's elite industrial families. At its heart is a
reorganization strategy that Vitro adopted to turn its subsidiaries into its
major creditors, enabling them to outvote American bondholders like Singer.

The case is testing the extent to which Mexico's bankruptcy law applies in the
United States - an outcome that may shape future deals.

If Vitro ultimately prevails, Americans might be less willing to invest without
added guarantees, because Mexican companies might employ Vitro's tactics, says
Robert Rauch, a partner at Gramercy Advisors, a $2.8 billion hedge fund in
Greenwich, Conn.

Mexican corporate bond prices have lagged behind those in Brazil and Argentina,
partly on such concerns, Rauch says.

"This is a game changer," he says.

Rauch says Mexico's equivalent of a bankruptcy code, known as the Ley de
Concursos Mercantiles, doesn't address inter-company claims - in this case, the
internal loans between units that enabled Vitro to restructure.

"Vitro decided to use all the flaws in the law very aggressively against the
creditors," he says.

In a U.S. Chapter 11 bankruptcy, a company can't create inter-company claims to
outvote third-party creditors, says Cameron Kinvig, a lawyer at Hunton &
Williams in Dallas.

"Bondholders come first," he says. "Inter-company claims are bottom of the
ladder."

Arturo Porzecanski, a professor of international finance at American University
in Washington, says the Vitro case is the first time a U.S. judge is being asked
to clear a Mexican plan that wouldn't be approved under the U.S. system.

"What Vitro has done is to drive a truck through this loophole," he says.

Lara says Vitro's restructuring is consistent with Mexican law and deserves to
be enforced in the United States. The glassmaker used local laws to defend
itself after defaulting on its debt. And Vitro's board hired an outside law firm
to examine the plan, says Alejandro Sanchez Mujica, Vitro's general counsel.

'Within the law'

"We obtained legal opinion from two experts in stock market laws, corporate law
and Concurso Mercantil to be sure we were within the law," he says.

U.S. lawmakers say Vitro's approach may cool cross-border investment, hurting
both countries.

"By upending established international legal norms, this chill will also harm
Mexico's economy by severely reducing access to U.S. and international markets,"
Reps. Patrick Meehan (R-Pa.) and Jared Polis (D-Colo.) wrote to Mexican envoy
Arturo Sarukhan on Oct. 18.Allan Brilliant, a lawyer for Vitro's creditors, is
more direct.

"Vitro created the debt in bad faith to take advantage of what they see as a
loophole in the Mexican bankruptcy law," he says.

For decades, Singer has reigned as a master of waging - and winning - protracted
legal battles. He isn't afraid of taking on corporations or governments to
collect on defaulted debt. During the past 35 years, his fund has returned an
average of 14 percent a year, according to his annual letter to investors.

The government of Peru in 2000 agreed to pay him $58 million, a 400 percent
profit, on the debt of two Peruvian banks he'd purchased four years earlier.

Singer has battled Argentina for a decade after buying more than $600 million of
that country's debt, some for as little as 15 cents on the dollar. In 2005,
then-President Nestor Kirchner offered to swap the defaulted bonds for new ones
worth about 30 cents on the dollar. About three-quarters of bondholders
accepted.

Elliott's NML Capital unit went to court for full payment and has since won five
judgments totaling $1.6 billion. Six other lawsuits are pending. Argentina has
yet to pay. In the latest round, Elliott's lawyers prepared to argue in July
that the 2nd U.S. Court of Appeals in New York should require Argentina to
settle in full.

'A lot of work'

"It takes a lot of work to play this game, and very few people have the
commitment," says Anna Gelpern, a professor at American University's Washington
College of Law.

Singer has also had outright flops. In 2009, Elliott lost $101.1 million buying
phony promissory notes from Marc Dreier, the New York lawyer who pleaded guilty
to defrauding hedge funds out of $400 million.

In fighting the Sada family, Singer is also squaring off against David Martinez,
a 55-year-old Monterrey native who himself is a hedge fund mogul dealing in
distressed debt. Martinez, founder of New York-based Fintech Advisory, came on
board in the fall of 2009.

Martinez provided $75 million in financing and helped Vitro move its most
profitable units beyond the reach of creditors. This isn't the first time the
two hedge fund bosses have crossed swords. Martinez has helped Argentina, Brazil
and Ecuador restructure their debt.

In 2005, he filed a friend-of-the-court brief on behalf of Argentina, opposing
one of Singer's attempts to win payment.

At Fintech's behest, Vitro devised the plan that shuffled the holding company's
assets so that the glassmaker eventually ended up owing $1.9 billion to its own
subsidiaries. The maneuver was kept hidden from creditors for 10 months,
according to public documents and court papers. Martinez declined to comment.

The court challenges have taken their toll on Vitro executives.

"It's tough to manage the business under this situation," says Lara, jabbing the
air with his Montblanc pen.

Adrian Sada says he's drained but optimistic. "The past three years have been
the toughest," he says, sitting in a conference room across the street from
conveyor belts laden with Coke bottles. He says he has never feared he would
lose the company his great-grandfather, Francisco Sada, started with Isaac Garza
as an offshoot of Cuauhtemoc brewery. The families established the glass factory
in 1909 to provide a steady supply of bottles.

The Sadas grew rich and powerful as Monterrey, capital of the northeastern state
of Nuevo Leon, emerged as Mexico's industrial heartland. Adrian Sada became
Vitro chairman in 1991, says company spokesman Roberto Riva Palacio. He paid
almost $1 billion for Tampa-based Anchor Glass Container and Latchford Glass in
Huntington Park, Calif.

The timing was disastrous, coming as soft-drink makers switched to plastic.
Vitro sold Anchor for $392.5 million in 1997, less than half of what it had
paid. The company shed a home appliance unit and cut costs to persuade investors
to buy $1.2 billion of bonds in 2007.

A year later, Vitro's sales plunged amid the global economic slowdown.
Derivatives that bet on rising natural gas costs backfired as prices fell,
forcing the company to shell out $85 million for margin calls. In February 2009,
Vitro missed a $44.8 million interest payment on the $1.2 billion of bonds and
couldn't repay $255 million in derivatives losses.

Helped restructure

Martinez stepped in. Fintech's founder sat on Alfa's board alongside Adrian Sada
and had helped restructure family-controlled chemical company Cydsa in 2004. In
December 2009, Fintech gave Vitro $75 million to buy the land on which company
factories sit and lease it back to Vitro.

Martinez urged a complete reorganization, sparking 43 transactions in which
Vitro acquired the stock of subsidiaries and exchanged debt for capital so that
Vitro eventually wound up owing $1.9 billion to its units. Martinez profited by
gaining an option for a 24 percent Vitro stake in return for the land.

By the fall of 2010, Vitro had failed to settle with bondholders. It filed for
bankruptcy protection in Mexico that December, which was finally accepted in
April 2011. It also made a U.S. Chapter 15 filing, to have its reorganization
recognized across the border.

In the process, Vitro used $1.9 billion in inter-company loans to vote down
opposition from third-party creditors. Many of the original bondholders couldn't
stomach further machinations and sold out.

"The creditors didn't want to go through Mexican courts," says Brian Cullen, a
managing director at Duff & Phelps who advised bondholders. "Instead, Vitro got
hedge funds that welcome litigation when they believe they've been wronged."

Singer's Elliott and New York-based Aurelius Capital Management piled in. The
two, along with other hedge funds, including New York-based Davidson Kempner
Capital Management and Lord Abbett in Jersey City, have filed more than 300
legal challenges in Mexico alone.

In April 2011, Judge Sandra Lopez in Monterrey appointed Javier Navarro-Velasco,
a partner in the local offices of Baker & McKenzie, to bring the two sides
together. The hedge funds weren't interested in negotiating, Navarro-Velasco
says. They wanted $1.1 billion in new bonds, a 10 percent cash payment and 61
percent of Vitro shares.

'It wasn't serious'

"It was ridiculous," he says. "It wasn't serious. They didn't want to
negotiate."

At the end of October, Navarro-Velasco unveiled terms that offered creditors 45
to 55 cents on the dollar. In February, a court in Monterrey approved Vitro's
reorganization. Elliott and other creditors filed a more-than-600-page appeal,
which is pending.

"We offered to negotiate with Elliott and Aurelius, show them our books, to have
a rational discussion," legal chief Sanchez Mujica says. "They only wanted to
continue trading and continue litigating."

To emphasize his point, Sanchez Mujica unpacks his iPad to read a quote from an
interview that Singer gave to Bloomberg Markets in 2008.

"Our primary goal is to find bankruptcy situations where our ability to control
or influence the process is the driver of value," Singer said at the time.
"That's our favorite."

After triumphing over governments and winning payouts from Lehman Brothers and
Enron, the master of distressed debt is on his way to adding the tenacious
Mexican glassmaker to his list of wins.

The full version of this Bloomberg Markets article appears in the magazine's
August issue.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             144 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 1, 2012 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

A cross-border battle over bankruptcy

BYLINE: Kambiz Foroohar;Brendan Case

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G03

LENGTH: 2334 words


On a scorching April morning in Monterrey, Mexico, Enrique Garcia, Vitro's local
plant manager, crosses under a mural that commemorates the 100th anniversary of
the company's first glass factory. He points to brick structures from the
original plant.

Then, with visitors in tow, Garcia heads toward a steel-and-tin building where
machines the size of minivans churn out 3 million bottles a day for Avon
Products, Coca-Cola and Francis Ford Coppola Winery. Vitro is Mexico's biggest
glassmaker and among the nation's top employers, with 17,000 workers.

"Almost every family in Monterrey has had someone who has worked at Vitro,"
Garcia shouts above the hammering of presses and the whoosh of molten glass
being fired into bottle-shaped molds.

The whir of activity gives no indication that Vitro has been fighting its way
through Mexican and U.S. courts - or that it's waging a bare-knuckle brawl with
a number of hedge funds, including Paul Singer's Elliott Management.

Silver-haired investor Singer, whose New York hedge fund had more than $20
billion in assets as of June, swooped in in 2010, more than a year after Vitro's
February 2009 default on $1.2 billion of bonds.

Singer, who's adept at profiting from the debt of floundering companies such as
Lehman Brothers Holdings, snapped up Vitro's bonds at a discount. Then he sued
to be paid in full, countering Vitro's proposed debt restructuring that offered
outside creditors about half of their original investment.

In lawsuit after lawsuit in Mexico and the United States, Elliott and other
hedge funds have challenged Vitro's bankruptcy and sought to seize the
glassmaker's American assets and revenue from customers that include Ford Motor
Co.

"Paul Singer's not afraid to do the work on situations that frankly scare a lot
of people off," says Kenneth Buckfire, chief executive and managing director of
Miller Buckfire, a New York-based investment bank that has restructured bankrupt
companies.

Singer, a Republican power broker who has given $1 million to presumptive
presidential nominee Mitt Romney's super PAC, might have prevailed but for Vitro
chief executive Hugo Lara.

'A legacy'

"We started this process with a conviction that we had a business, a legacy and
jobs that we were ready to defend," Lara says. Urged on by Vitro Chairman Adrian
Sada, the company founder's great-grandson, Vitro has gone toe to toe with
Singer.

In May, a Mexican appeals court ordered Elliott and other funds to pay Vitro's
legal expenses on some lawsuits that courts have dismissed.

Vitro's reorganization was approved by a court in Mexico earlier this year over
objections by bondholders who have appealed. Because Vitro has units in the
United States, it asked a Dallas court to enforce its Mexican restructuring
under U.S. Bankruptcy Code Chapter 15 - which applies to cross-border issues -
in an effort to stop litigation by debt holders such as Singer.

On June 13, Judge Harlin "Cooter" Hale denied Vitro's request, saying the
Mexican plan was defective because it didn't sufficiently protect interests of
U.S. creditors.

The judge also found that there was evidence of possible suspect voting in
company reorganization proceedings because Vitro used insiders to swamp outside
creditors. Two days later, the judge reaffirmed that Vitro shouldn't move assets
or divert business to other entities in a bid to frustrate bondholders.

The wrangling showed no signs of dissipating as Vitro appealed Hale's decision.

"We are confident in the legal basis for our arguments," says Andrew LeBlanc, a
U.S. lawyer for Vitro.

Sada, 67, a graduate of the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania,
says he's determined to maintain his family's grip.

"We have a very high percentage of stockholders," says Sada, who looks dapper in
his midnight-blue pinstriped suit in spite of the heat. The Sadas and relatives
in the Garza family trace their business roots to a brewery started in 1890.

The Garzas control Alfa, which owns Alpek, Mexico's largest petrochemical
company, and Fomento Economico Mexicano, which owns Oxxo, Latin America's
biggest convenience store chain. Singer declined to comment for this story.

International brawl

As the Singer-Vitro battle sprawls across two countries, it's pitting one of the
world's most successful hedge fund managers against one of Mexico's elite
industrial families. At its heart is a reorganization strategy that Vitro
adopted to turn its subsidiaries into its major creditors, enabling them to
outvote American bondholders like Singer.

The case is testing the extent to which Mexico's bankruptcy law applies in the
United States - an outcome that may shape future deals.

If Vitro ultimately prevails, Americans might be less willing to invest without
added guarantees, because Mexican companies might employ Vitro's tactics, says
Robert Rauch, a partner at Gramercy Advisors, a $2.8 billion hedge fund in
Greenwich, Conn.

Mexican corporate bond prices have lagged behind those in Brazil and Argentina,
partly on such concerns, Rauch says.

"This is a game changer," he says.

Rauch says Mexico's equivalent of a bankruptcy code, known as the Ley de
Concursos Mercantiles, doesn't address inter-company claims - in this case, the
internal loans between units that enabled Vitro to restructure.

"Vitro decided to use all the flaws in the law very aggressively against the
creditors," he says.

In a U.S. Chapter 11 bankruptcy, a company can't create inter-company claims to
outvote third-party creditors, says Cameron Kinvig, a lawyer at Hunton &
Williams in Dallas.

"Bondholders come first," he says. "Inter-company claims are bottom of the
ladder."

Arturo Porzecanski, a professor of international finance at American University
in Washington, says the Vitro case is the first time a U.S. judge is being asked
to clear a Mexican plan that wouldn't be approved under the U.S. system.

"What Vitro has done is to drive a truck through this loophole," he says.

Lara says Vitro's restructuring is consistent with Mexican law and deserves to
be enforced in the United States. The glassmaker used local laws to defend
itself after defaulting on its debt. And Vitro's board hired an outside law firm
to examine the plan, says Alejandro Sanchez Mujica, Vitro's general counsel.

'Within the law'

"We obtained legal opinion from two experts in stock market laws, corporate law
and Concurso Mercantil to be sure we were within the law," he says.

U.S. lawmakers say Vitro's approach may cool cross-border investment, hurting
both countries.

"By upending established international legal norms, this chill will also harm
Mexico's economy by severely reducing access to U.S. and international markets,"
Reps. Patrick Meehan (R-Pa.) and Jared Polis (D-Colo.) wrote to Mexican envoy
Arturo Sarukhan on Oct. 18.

Allan Brilliant, a lawyer for Vitro's creditors, is more direct.

"Vitro created the debt in bad faith to take advantage of what they see as a
loophole in the Mexican bankruptcy law," he says.

For decades, Singer has reigned as a master of waging - and winning - protracted
legal battles. He isn't afraid of taking on corporations or governments to
collect on defaulted debt. During the past 35 years, his fund has returned an
average of 14 percent a year, according to his annual letter to investors.

The government of Peru in 2000 agreed to pay him $58 million, a 400 percent
profit, on the debt of two Peruvian banks he'd purchased four years earlier.

Singer has battled Argentina for a decade after buying more than $600 million of
that country's debt, some for as little as 15 cents on the dollar. In 2005,
then-President Nestor Kirchner offered to swap the defaulted bonds for new ones
worth about 30 cents on the dollar. About three-quarters of bondholders
accepted.

Elliott's NML Capital unit went to court for full payment and has since won five
judgments totaling $1.6 billion. Six other lawsuits are pending. Argentina has
yet to pay. In the latest round, Elliott's lawyers prepared to argue in July
that the 2nd U.S. Court of Appeals in New York should require Argentina to
settle in full.

'A lot of work'

"It takes a lot of work to play this game, and very few people have the
commitment," says Anna Gelpern, a professor at American University's Washington
College of Law.

Singer has also had outright flops. In 2009, Elliott lost $101.1 million buying
phony promissory notes from Marc Dreier, the New York lawyer who pleaded guilty
to defrauding hedge funds out of $400 million.

In fighting the Sada family, Singer is also squaring off against David Martinez,
a 55-year-old Monterrey native who himself is a hedge fund mogul dealing in
distressed debt. Martinez, founder of New York-based Fintech Advisory, came on
board in the fall of 2009.

Martinez provided $75 million in financing and helped Vitro move its most
profitable units beyond the reach of creditors. This isn't the first time the
two hedge fund bosses have crossed swords. Martinez has helped Argentina, Brazil
and Ecuador restructure their debt.

In 2005, he filed a friend-of-the-court brief on behalf of Argentina, opposing
one of Singer's attempts to win payment.

At Fintech's behest, Vitro devised the plan that shuffled the holding company's
assets so that the glassmaker eventually ended up owing $1.9 billion to its own
subsidiaries. The maneuver was kept hidden from creditors for 10 months,
according to public documents and court papers. Martinez declined to comment.

The court challenges have taken their toll on Vitro executives.

"It's tough to manage the business under this situation," says Lara, jabbing the
air with his Montblanc pen.

Adrian Sada says he's drained but optimistic. "The past three years have been
the toughest," he says, sitting in a conference room across the street from
conveyor belts laden with Coke bottles. He says he has never feared he would
lose the company his great-grandfather, Francisco Sada, started with Isaac Garza
as an offshoot of Cuauhtemoc brewery. The families established the glass factory
in 1909 to provide a steady supply of bottles.

The Sadas grew rich and powerful as Monterrey, capital of the northeastern state
of Nuevo Leon, emerged as Mexico's industrial heartland. Adrian Sada became
Vitro chairman in 1991, says company spokesman Roberto Riva Palacio. He paid
almost $1 billion for Tampa-based Anchor Glass Container and Latchford Glass in
Huntington Park, Calif.

The timing was disastrous, coming as soft-drink makers switched to plastic.
Vitro sold Anchor for $392.5 million in 1997, less than half of what it had
paid. The company shed a home appliance unit and cut costs to persuade investors
to buy $1.2 billion of bonds in 2007.

A year later, Vitro's sales plunged amid the global economic slowdown.
Derivatives that bet on rising natural gas costs backfired as prices fell,
forcing the company to shell out $85 million for margin calls. In February 2009,
Vitro missed a $44.8 million interest payment on the $1.2 billion of bonds and
couldn't repay $255 million in derivatives losses.

Helped restructure

Martinez stepped in. Fintech's founder sat on Alfa's board alongside Adrian Sada
and had helped restructure family-controlled chemical company Cydsa in 2004. In
December 2009, Fintech gave Vitro $75 million to buy the land on which company
factories sit and lease it back to Vitro.

Martinez urged a complete reorganization, sparking 43 transactions in which
Vitro acquired the stock of subsidiaries and exchanged debt for capital so that
Vitro eventually wound up owing $1.9 billion to its units. Martinez profited by
gaining an option for a 24 percent Vitro stake in return for the land.

By the fall of 2010, Vitro had failed to settle with bondholders. It filed for
bankruptcy protection in Mexico that December, which was finally accepted in
April 2011. It also made a U.S. Chapter 15 filing, to have its reorganization
recognized across the border.

In the process, Vitro used $1.9 billion in inter-company loans to vote down
opposition from third-party creditors. Many of the original bondholders couldn't
stomach further machinations and sold out.

"The creditors didn't want to go through Mexican courts," says Brian Cullen, a
managing director at Duff & Phelps who advised bondholders. "Instead, Vitro got
hedge funds that welcome litigation when they believe they've been wronged."

Singer's Elliott and New York-based Aurelius Capital Management piled in. The
two, along with other hedge funds, including New York-based Davidson Kempner
Capital Management and Lord Abbett in Jersey City, have filed more than 300
legal challenges in Mexico alone.

In April 2011, Judge Sandra Lopez in Monterrey appointed Javier Navarro-Velasco,
a partner in the local offices of Baker & McKenzie, to bring the two sides
together. The hedge funds weren't interested in negotiating, Navarro-Velasco
says. They wanted $1.1 billion in new bonds, a 10 percent cash payment and 61
percent of Vitro shares.

'It wasn't serious'

"It was ridiculous," he says. "It wasn't serious. They didn't want to
negotiate."

At the end of October, Navarro-Velasco unveiled terms that offered creditors 45
to 55 cents on the dollar. In February, a court in Monterrey approved Vitro's
reorganization. Elliott and other creditors filed a more-than-600-page appeal,
which is pending.

"We offered to negotiate with Elliott and Aurelius, show them our books, to have
a rational discussion," legal chief Sanchez Mujica says. "They only wanted to
continue trading and continue litigating."

To emphasize his point, Sanchez Mujica unpacks his iPad to read a quote from an
interview that Singer gave to Bloomberg Markets in 2008.

"Our primary goal is to find bankruptcy situations where our ability to control
or influence the process is the driver of value," Singer said at the time.
"That's our favorite."

After triumphing over governments and winning payouts from Lehman Brothers and
Enron, the master of distressed debt is on his way to adding the tenacious
Mexican glassmaker to his list of wins.

The full version of this Bloomberg Markets article appears in the magazine's
August issue.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             145 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        June 22, 2012 Friday 8:12 PM EST

Justice Stevens's proud sponsor

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 121 words


In his June 17 op-ed column, "Unleash the high court," George F. Will wrote that
Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens's "liberalism surely surprised his
appointer, Gerald Ford."Mr. Will may be unaware that, in 2005, Ford wrote, "I am
prepared to allow history's judgment of my term in office to rest (if necessary,
exclusively) on my nomination 30 years ago of Justice John Paul Stevens to the
U.S. Supreme Court." The former president also said that he "endorse[d]" Justice
Stevens's "constitutional views" on a range of issues and that he was "proud" of
his "three decade old decision to appoint him to the Supreme Court."

Cliff Sloan, Chevy Chase

The writer was a law clerk for Justice John Paul Stevens from 1985 to 1986.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             146 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 22, 2012 Friday
                                Regional Edition

Justice Stevens's proud sponsor

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 121 words


In his June 17 op-ed column, "Unleash the high court," George F. Will wrote that
Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens's "liberalism surely surprised his
appointer, Gerald Ford."

Mr. Will may be unaware that, in 2005, Ford wrote, "I am prepared to allow
history's judgment of my term in office to rest (if necessary, exclusively) on
my nomination 30 years ago of Justice John Paul Stevens to the U.S. Supreme
Court." The former president also said that he "endorse[d]" Justice Stevens's
"constitutional views" on a range of issues and that he was "proud" of his
"three decade old decision to appoint him to the Supreme Court."

Cliff Sloan, Chevy Chase

The writer was a law clerk for Justice John Paul Stevens from 1985 to 1986.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             147 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        June 10, 2012 Sunday 8:12 PM EST

A new muscle car: 100 mph on 96 mpg

BYLINE: Edward Robinson

SECTION: ; Pg. G03

LENGTH: 1941 words


Gordon Murray's quest to reinventautomaking started in a traffic jam.

Murray, the legendary former designer of Formula One race cars, was drivingto
work in the London suburbs in 1993 when he hit gridlock. Surrounded by
gas-guzzling sedans, he vowed to someday make small, efficient vehicles that
would ease congestion and become stylish objects of desire.

On a misty morning 19 years later, he swings open a metal door in a
gymnasium-size workshop south of London. "There they are," says Murray, 65.

Murray's cube-shaped city cars, parked in the middle of the floor, look like
oversize toys: At 8 feet long, they are 11 inches shorter than Daimler's Smart
microcar. They sport chiseled side panels that swoosh back from the front wheels
like air currents.

The matte-black T.25, with a 51-horsepower, three-cylinder engine, goes 100
miles per hour. It gets 96 miles to the British gallon (1.2 U.S. gallons)
compared with 72 mpg for the Smart Pulse coupe in Europe. The cobalt-blue T.27,
propelled by a lithium-ion battery and a 25-kilowatt electric motor, can go 100
miles on about $1.06 of power.

Murray built these prototypes in an audacious bid to overturn the way
automobiles have been designed, assembled and sold for the past 100 years. As
rising oil prices and tightening carbon emission rules push manufacturers to
make smaller cars, they are saddled with what Murray calls an outdated and
costly system of turning sheets of steel into vehicles.

Formula One technology

Automakers have long lost money making small cars because they have to invest
just as much capital in the metalwork for a cheap compact as they do for a
luxury sedan, says Eric Noble, president of the Car Lab, a consulting firm.

"Essentially, we've been making motorcars the same way since the Model T, and
that model is breaking down," says Murray, whose swept-back mane of graying hair
suggests he's just emerged from a wind tunnel. "I want to bring Formula One
technology to the everyday motorist, with all its advantages."

Murray, who draws his designs by hand, makes his autos out of a lightweight
composite material similar to carbon fiber used in race cars. That allows him to
jettison the robots and machinery that stamp and weld about 300 pieces of metal
together in a typical car body. While automakers such as Ford Motor are
developing models that use more lightweight materials and less steel, Murray
wants manufacturers to make all of their cars with as little metal as possible.

The designer's breakthrough was in finding a way to make a city car in two steps
instead of the standard five, Noble says. His iStream system forms a chassis out
of composite and then installs components and attaches body panels made from
recycled plastic bottles.

Three steps - stamping the steel frame, welding the body together and
rustproofing - are eliminated. A manufacturer could build an iStream plant to
make 100,000 cars annually for 85 percent less capital than a conventional one,
Murray says. Because an iStream factory would be two-thirds smaller, it would
consume about 60 percent less energy.

He says the process has been so simplified that retailers such as Wal-Mart or
electronics giants such as Apple could use it to jump into carmaking. While
Murray's vision may sound quixotic, he has proven himself one of the most
creative minds in the history of Formula One, the world's premier Grand Prix
circuit.

A cerebral man with a taste for loud floral shirts and early Bob Dylan, Murray
introduced composites and other speed-enhancing innovations to racing in the
1970s and 1980s. Hall of Fame drivers Ayrton Senna, Nelson Piquet and Alain
Prost won a total of five Formula One championships in his cars.

In the 1990s, Murray created the street-legal F1 for McLaren Group, a British
Formula One team. The lithe, $1 million coupe, which hit a top speed of 241
miles per hour in a 1998 test, has been hailed as the finest high-performance
automobile ever made.

"It's a pure, singular vision of what a car should be," says talk show host Jay
Leno, who has more than 100 rare vehicles, including an F1.

Murray's father, Bill, raced motorcycles and worked as a mechanic in a local
Peugeot dealership in South Africa. Young Gordon built his own race car from
assorted parts when he was 20 and drove it to victory in several races.

After taking courses in mechanical engineering at Natal Technical College, he
decamped for England in 1969 and landed a junior designer's job at a British
Formula One racing team. He slept on the floor of a London flat and worked
14-hour days. In 1972, Brabham owner and future Formula One chieftain Bernie
Ecclestone surprised rival executives by anointing the hungry 26-year-old his
chief designer.

A rock-and-roll fan, Murray grew his hair long and wore Sex Pistols T-shirts at
the track. He became close friends with George Harrison after meeting the late
Beatles guitarist on a Concorde flight in 1976. Years later, Murray inlaid
images of Indian elephants in the dashboard of the McLaren F1 he designed for
Harrison.

Murray's freewheeling sensibility was apparent in his designs. In 1979, he was
the first engineer to throw out aluminum and construct a chassis of carbon
fiber.

Aerodynamic effect

In 1981, he designed a hydro-pneumatic suspension that let his race car drop to
within one centimeter of the track at high speed to amplify downforce, which
helps tires grip the road and corner faster. Rival teams protested that the
system violated a ban on driver-operated devices to maximize this aerodynamic
effect.

Murray countered that physics lowered the car, and Formula One officials agreed.
Brabham's Piquet went on to win the World Drivers' Championship that year, a
first for a Murray-designed car.

"Rather than obey the rule, Murray got around it," says Nigel Cross, professor
emeritus of design studies at the Open University in England.

By the mid-1990s, Murray had left Formula One and begun work on the McLaren F1
as well as more-unusual projects. Intent on building his own drive-in movie
theater, Murray reinforced a barn on his estate with steel girders and then
dismantled a pink 1959 Cadillac convertible. In the barn's loft, he reassembled
the classic car without its engine and suspension.

Under a ceiling strewn with starlike lights, he and his friends watch movies on
a nine-foot-wide screen from the Caddy's bench seats. The topper: He re-created
the Formica-and-chrome interior of the diner in "American Graffiti," the 1973
hot-rod movie, next to the car. "I just adore Americana," he says with a shrug.

At the office, Murray was sketching a more practical venture: a city car. He was
inspired by the Fiat 500 and Mini Cooper, two modish compacts from the 1960s.
After McLaren declined to produce Murray's machine, he recruited 27 of its
engineers and founded his own firm in 2004.

"I wanted to create the next iconic European urban vehicle," Murray says. "But
then I discovered you couldn't make any money making small cars." So he set out
to reinvent auto assembly.

Light as cardboard

Inside the workshop of Gordon Murray Design in Shalford, England, a few
engineers are working on a prototype for a 3.5-ton composite truck for use in
Africa. A mock-up of the T.25's interior carved out of wood sits on one side of
the floor. Nearby, a glistening engine rests on a rack like a piece of modern
art.

Amid the whir of power tools, Murray picks up a piece of composite - a black
square of honeycombed paper and polycarbonate plastic sandwiched between two
skins made of tightly woven glass strands. This two-centimeter-thick composite
feels as light as cardboard but as hard as steel. And it's 25 times cheaper than
carbon fiber.

Murray used an industrial press to mold several pieces of this composite and
bond them to a tubular steel frame. This structure forms a hip-high solid
chassis that supports the engine, interior and other components. At 1,212
pounds, the T.25 is less than half the weight of BMW's Mini Cooper.

The T.27, which features a powertrain by British-based Zytek Automotive, met the
European Union's car safety requirements in crash tests conducted last year.

As he did in the F1, Murray placed the driver in the center of the bubblelike
cabin, and passenger seats are slotted back on both sides. Instead of side
doors, the car's top opens like a clamshell.

On a May afternoon, Kevin Doyle, Murray's development manager, draws amused
looks from pedestrians as he punches the T.25 through traffic in London's
Kensington neighborhood. Doyle is about to zoom through an opening between a bus
and the curb when a Mercedes-Benz lumbers in front of the T.25.

"I could have made it through that space, but he's too big," Doyle chuckles. In
their current forms, the T.25 would retail in Europe for 8,678 euros ($11,000)
and the electric car for 19,723 euros.

Murray has yet to see commercial versions of his handiwork zipping around city
streets. Rather than produce cars himself, he plans to license iStream to
companies in return for an upfront fee and a percentage of the sale of every
unit that rolls off the line.

He's avoided the deep spending that's bedeviled other start-ups that are making
their own vehicles. Tesla Motors, which produces a plug-in sports car, lost $254
million on $204 million in sales last year.

Murray's firm, which collects revenue from auto-design consulting, has spent
about $51 million since 2007. It raised $12 million from Mohr Davidow Ventures
and 4.5 million pounds from the Technology Strategy Board, a British
government-backed research group, to help develop the prototypes.

While Murray has conducted exploratory discussions with 10 car companies and
five other businesses, he had yet to close a production deal as of mid-May.

Automakers may be loath to embrace Murray's vision as they struggle to reap
returns from existing plants, says Maryann Keller, an industry consultant. "Many
automakers are on their financial knees right now," she says, "so they can't
afford to transition to something different."

New manufacturing setup

Murray says car companies may not have a choice as regulators clamp down on
emissions. By 2015, manufacturers in Europe must ensure that 100 percent of
their new cars meet new greenhouse gas emission caps or the European Union will
fine them for every gram of excess carbon.

The United States is on course to impose new carbon dioxide standards that will
effectively double the average fuel economy target to 54.5 miles per gallon by
2025.

"There are limits to what the internal combustion engine can do, and we are
close to that limit, so the next part of this process has to be lightweight
materials," says David King, the director of the Smith School of Enterprise and
the Environment at the University of Oxford. "What is completely innovative
about Gordon's work is effectively putting these materials together with
enormous financial benefits. He's developed a completely new manufacturing
setup."

With iStream, Murray has designed a way for automakers to profitably make unique
cars suited for a crowded, energy-starved world. And consumers are warming to
small cars again. India's Tata Motors sold 74,527 Nano microcars in the 12
months that ended March 31, 6 percent more than a year ago. And Italy-based Fiat
in April recorded its second month of record sales gains in the United States
for its 500.

"We're taking on this monster industry, but we know it's going to work," says
Murray, standing near a mural depicting his victorious Formula One cars. "I love
the idea of being a giant killer."

The full version of this Bloomberg Markets story appears in the magazine's July
issue.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             148 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 10, 2012 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

A new muscle car: 100 mph on 96 mpg

BYLINE: Edward Robinson

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G03

LENGTH: 1927 words


Gordon Murray's quest to reinventautomaking started in a traffic jam.

Murray, the legendary former designer of Formula One race cars, was drivingto
work in the London suburbs in 1993 when he hit gridlock. Surrounded by
gas-guzzling sedans, he vowed to someday make small, efficient vehicles that
would ease congestion and become stylish objects of desire.

On a misty morning 19 years later, he swings open a metal door in a
gymnasium-size workshop south of London. "There they are," says Murray, 65.

Murray's cube-shaped city cars, parked in the middle of the floor, look like
oversize toys: At 8 feet long, they are 11 inches shorter than Daimler's Smart
microcar. They sport chiseled side panels that swoosh back from the front wheels
like air currents.

The matte-black T.25, with a 51-horsepower, three-cylinder engine, goes 100
miles per hour. It gets 96 miles to the British gallon (1.2 U.S. gallons)
compared with 72 mpg for the Smart Pulse coupe in Europe. The cobalt-blue T.27,
propelled by a lithium-ion battery and a 25-kilowatt electric motor, can go 100
miles on about $1.06 of power.

Murray built these prototypes in an audacious bid to overturn the way
automobiles have been designed, assembled and sold for the past 100 years. As
rising oil prices and tightening carbon emission rules push manufacturers to
make smaller cars, they are saddled with what Murray calls an outdated and
costly system of turning sheets of steel into vehicles.

Formula One technology

Automakers have long lost money making small cars because they have to invest
just as much capital in the metalwork for a cheap compact as they do for a
luxury sedan, says Eric Noble, president of the Car Lab, a consulting firm.

"Essentially, we've been making motorcars the same way since the Model T, and
that model is breaking down," says Murray, whose swept-back mane of graying hair
suggests he's just emerged from a wind tunnel. "I want to bring Formula One
technology to the everyday motorist, with all its advantages."

Murray, who draws his designs by hand, makes his autos out of a lightweight
composite material similar to carbon fiber used in race cars. That allows him to
jettison the robots and machinery that stamp and weld about 300 pieces of metal
together in a typical car body. While automakers such as Ford Motor are
developing models that use more lightweight materials and less steel, Murray
wants manufacturers to make all of their cars with as little metal as possible.

The designer's breakthrough was in finding a way to make a city car in two steps
instead of the standard five, Noble says. His iStream system forms a chassis out
of composite and then installs components and attaches body panels made from
recycled plastic bottles.

Three steps - stamping the steel frame, welding the body together and
rustproofing - are eliminated. A manufacturer could build an iStream plant to
make 100,000 cars annually for 85 percent less capital than a conventional one,
Murray says. Because an iStream factory would be two-thirds smaller, it would
consume about 60 percent less energy.

He says the process has been so simplified that retailers such as Wal-Mart or
electronics giants such as Apple could use it to jump into carmaking. While
Murray's vision may sound quixotic, he has proven himself one of the most
creative minds in the history of Formula One, the world's premier Grand Prix
circuit.

A cerebral man with a taste for loud floral shirts and early Bob Dylan, Murray
introduced composites and other speed-enhancing innovations to racing in the
1970s and 1980s. Hall of Fame drivers Ayrton Senna, Nelson Piquet and Alain
Prost won a total of five Formula One championships in his cars.

In the 1990s, Murray created the street-legal F1 for McLaren Group, a British
Formula One team. The lithe, $1 million coupe, which hit a top speed of 241
miles per hour in a 1998 test, has been hailed as the finest high-performance
automobile ever made.

"It's a pure, singular vision of what a car should be," says talk show host Jay
Leno, who has more than 100 rare vehicles, including an F1.

Murray's father, Bill, raced motorcycles and worked as a mechanic in a local
Peugeot dealership in South Africa. Young Gordon built his own race car from
assorted parts when he was 20 and drove it to victory in several races.

After taking courses in mechanical engineering at Natal Technical College, he
decamped for England in 1969 and landed a junior designer's job at a British
Formula One racing team. He slept on the floor of a London flat and worked
14-hour days. In 1972, Brabham owner and future Formula One chieftain Bernie
Ecclestone surprised rival executives by anointing the hungry 26-year-old his
chief designer.

A rock-and-roll fan, Murray grew his hair long and wore Sex Pistols T-shirts at
the track. He became close friends with George Harrison after meeting the late
Beatles guitarist on a Concorde flight in 1976. Years later, Murray inlaid
images of Indian elephants in the dashboard of the McLaren F1 he designed for
Harrison.

Murray's freewheeling sensibility was apparent in his designs. In 1979, he was
the first engineer to throw out aluminum and construct a chassis of carbon
fiber.

Aerodynamic effect

In 1981, he designed a hydro-pneumatic suspension that let his race car drop to
within one centimeter of the track at high speed to amplify downforce, which
helps tires grip the road and corner faster. Rival teams protested that the
system violated a ban on driver-operated devices to maximize this aerodynamic
effect.

Murray countered that physics lowered the car, and Formula One officials agreed.
Brabham's Piquet went on to win the World Drivers' Championship that year, a
first for a Murray-designed car.

"Rather than obey the rule, Murray got around it," says Nigel Cross, professor
emeritus of design studies at the Open University in England.

By the mid-1990s, Murray had left Formula One and begun work on the McLaren F1
as well as more-unusual projects. Intent on building his own drive-in movie
theater, Murray reinforced a barn on his estate with steel girders and then
dismantled a pink 1959 Cadillac convertible. In the barn's loft, he reassembled
the classic car without its engine and suspension.

Under a ceiling strewn with starlike lights, he and his friends watch movies on
a nine-foot-wide screen from the Caddy's bench seats. The topper: He re-created
the Formica-and-chrome interior of the diner in "American Graffiti," the 1973
hot-rod movie, next to the car. "I just adore Americana," he says with a shrug.

At the office, Murray was sketching a more practical venture: a city car. He was
inspired by the Fiat 500 and Mini Cooper, two modish compacts from the 1960s.
After McLaren declined to produce Murray's machine, he recruited 27 of its
engineers and founded his own firm in 2004.

"I wanted to create the next iconic European urban vehicle," Murray says. "But
then I discovered you couldn't make any money making small cars." So he set out
to reinvent auto assembly.

Light as cardboard

Inside the workshop of Gordon Murray Design in Shalford, England, a few
engineers are working on a prototype for a 3.5-ton composite truck for use in
Africa. A mock-up of the T.25's interior carved out of wood sits on one side of
the floor. Nearby, a glistening engine rests on a rack like a piece of modern
art.

Amid the whir of power tools, Murray picks up a piece of composite - a black
square of honeycombed paper and polycarbonate plastic sandwiched between two
skins made of tightly woven glass strands. This two-centimeter-thick composite
feels as light as cardboard but as hard as steel. And it's 25 times cheaper than
carbon fiber.

Murray used an industrial press to mold several pieces of this composite and
bond them to a tubular steel frame. This structure forms a hip-high solid
chassis that supports the engine, interior and other components. At 1,212
pounds, the T.25 is less than half the weight of BMW's Mini Cooper.

The T.27, which features a powertrain by British-based Zytek Automotive, met the
European Union's car safety requirements in crash tests conducted last year.

As he did in the F1, Murray placed the driver in the center of the bubblelike
cabin, and passenger seats are slotted back on both sides. Instead of side
doors, the car's top opens like a clamshell.

On a May afternoon, Kevin Doyle, Murray's development manager, draws amused
looks from pedestrians as he punches the T.25 through traffic in London's
Kensington neighborhood. Doyle is about to zoom through an opening between a bus
and the curb when a Mercedes-Benz lumbers in front of the T.25.

"I could have made it through that space, but he's too big," Doyle chuckles. In
their current forms, the T.25 would retail in Europe for 8,678 euros ($11,000)
and the electric car for 19,723 euros.

Murray has yet to see commercial versions of his handiwork zipping around city
streets. Rather than produce cars himself, he plans to license iStream to
companies in return for an upfront fee and a percentage of the sale of every
unit that rolls off the line.

He's avoided the deep spending that's bedeviled other start-ups that are making
their own vehicles. Tesla Motors, which produces a plug-in sports car, lost $254
million on $204 million in sales last year.

Murray's firm, which collects revenue from auto-design consulting, has spent
about $51 million since 2007. It raised $12 million from Mohr Davidow Ventures
and 4.5 million pounds from the Technology Strategy Board, a British
government-backed research group, to help develop the prototypes.

While Murray has conducted exploratory discussions with 10 car companies and
five other businesses, he had yet to close a production deal as of mid-May.

Automakers may be loath to embrace Murray's vision as they struggle to reap
returns from existing plants, says Maryann Keller, an industry consultant. "Many
automakers are on their financial knees right now," she says, "so they can't
afford to transition to something different."

New manufacturing setup

Murray says car companies may not have a choice as regulators clamp down on
emissions. By 2015, manufacturers in Europe must ensure that 100 percent of
their new cars meet new greenhouse gas emission caps or the European Union will
fine them for every gram of excess carbon.

The United States is on course to impose new carbon dioxide standards that will
effectively double the average fuel economy target to 54.5 miles per gallon by
2025.

"There are limits to what the internal combustion engine can do, and we are
close to that limit, so the next part of this process has to be lightweight
materials," says David King, the director of the Smith School of Enterprise and
the Environment at the University of Oxford. "What is completely innovative
about Gordon's work is effectively putting these materials together with
enormous financial benefits. He's developed a completely new manufacturing
setup."

With iStream, Murray has designed a way for automakers to profitably make unique
cars suited for a crowded, energy-starved world. And consumers are warming to
small cars again. India's Tata Motors sold 74,527 Nano microcars in the 12
months that ended March 31, 6 percent more than a year ago. And Italy-based Fiat
in April recorded its second month of record sales gains in the United States
for its 500.

"We're taking on this monster industry, but we know it's going to work," says
Murray, standing near a mural depicting his victorious Formula One cars. "I love
the idea of being a giant killer."

The full version of this Bloomberg Markets story appears in the magazine's July
issue.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             149 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        June 8, 2012 Friday 8:12 PM EST

When some don't pull their weight

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 464 words


We asked:

Most workplaces have employees who are productive and responsible. Often there
are also a few people who are just sliding by. How well does your management
deal with those staff members? If you were a manager, what would you do?

You said:

My observation is that the manager sees the staff as a whole. If the productive
employees carry the staff members who are "sliding by," and overall the
productivity is sufficient, the entire staff is praised. There appears to be no
repercussion to those who "mail it in."

- Christopher de Wolfe

IRS - Human Capital Office

Leadership, Education & Delivery Services

Dallas

At FEMA Region Nine, during my almost sixteen years, the worst slackers were
also the bootlickers, so they got promoted.

- David Weinstock

Former FEMA employee

Fairfax, Calif.

Not every "underperformer" is a slacker. Take a bright, highly motivated person
with a passion for an agency's mission, and give him a job. Then bury him under
piles of red tape, creaky bureaucracy and a compensation system that doesn't
reward innovation and initiative. Make sure there's no career path other than to
go into management, and don't make any effort to find out why he underperforms
(family pressure? changing interests? complete lack of fun in the workplace?).

Once you kill the employee's drive to get anything done, do you wonder why they
don't perform better?

- Kevin Lanahan

Interactive media specialist

Missouri Department of Conservation

Sometimes you have to trust supervisors, managers and executives to make the
best choices regarding who is and isn't deadwood.

There is a story that while Henry Ford was escorting some VIPs through his
plant, one of them noticed an office worker napping with his feet on the desk
and asked how someone such as Ford (who was known as a hard boss) tolerated that
kind of slacking off.

Ford replied that the last time that worker woke from a nap and took his feet
off the desk was to bring him the design specs for what became the Model A. We
all think we know who is or is not deadwood, but oftentimes, working hard is not
the same as producing value.

- Peter Sperry

Budget analyst, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation

It is a perennial issue, one that can be emotional, and one that is an
unintended consequence of many rules and regulations that have the good
intention of preventing arbitrary action by supervisors and managers. It is
supposed to be a rigorous process to remove a nonperforming employee . . .
Unlike the private sector, the federal government is not going to go out of
business. It might get downsized a lot, and that could affect the workforce, but
the essential dynamic is different from the private sector. There is no profit
signal to rationalize operations or performance."

- Mark Leheney

Senior consultant,

Management Consultants

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             150 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 8, 2012 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

When some don't pull their weight

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 464 words


We asked:

Most workplaces have employees who are productive and responsible. Often there
are also a few people who are just sliding by. How well does your management
deal with those staff members? If you were a manager, what would you do?

You said:

My observation is that the manager sees the staff as a whole. If the productive
employees carry the staff members who are "sliding by," and overall the
productivity is sufficient, the entire staff is praised. There appears to be no
repercussion to those who "mail it in."

- Christopher de Wolfe

IRS - Human Capital Office

Leadership, Education & Delivery Services

Dallas

At FEMA Region Nine, during my almost sixteen years, the worst slackers were
also the bootlickers, so they got promoted.

- David Weinstock

Former FEMA employee

Fairfax, Calif.

Not every "underperformer" is a slacker. Take a bright, highly motivated person
with a passion for an agency's mission, and give him a job. Then bury him under
piles of red tape, creaky bureaucracy and a compensation system that doesn't
reward innovation and initiative. Make sure there's no career path other than to
go into management, and don't make any effort to find out why he underperforms
(family pressure? changing interests? complete lack of fun in the workplace?).

Once you kill the employee's drive to get anything done, do you wonder why they
don't perform better?

- Kevin Lanahan

Interactive media specialist

Missouri Department of Conservation

Sometimes you have to trust supervisors, managers and executives to make the
best choices regarding who is and isn't deadwood.

There is a story that while Henry Ford was escorting some VIPs through his
plant, one of them noticed an office worker napping with his feet on the desk
and asked how someone such as Ford (who was known as a hard boss) tolerated that
kind of slacking off.

Ford replied that the last time that worker woke from a nap and took his feet
off the desk was to bring him the design specs for what became the Model A. We
all think we know who is or is not deadwood, but oftentimes, working hard is not
the same as producing value.

- Peter Sperry

Budget analyst, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation

It is a perennial issue, one that can be emotional, and one that is an
unintended consequence of many rules and regulations that have the good
intention of preventing arbitrary action by supervisors and managers. It is
supposed to be a rigorous process to remove a nonperforming employee . . .
Unlike the private sector, the federal government is not going to go out of
business. It might get downsized a lot, and that could affect the workforce, but
the essential dynamic is different from the private sector. There is no profit
signal to rationalize operations or performance."

- Mark Leheney

Senior consultant,

Management Consultants

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             151 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        May 27, 2012 Sunday 8:12 PM EST

Using an acquisition to rev up a company

SECTION: ; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 524 words


The big idea: Can an aspiring global competitor from a developing economy use
the acquisition of an established Western business to grow its earnings and
diversify?

The scenario: In the wake of launching the world's cheapest car, the Nano, Ratan
Tata, chairman of Tata Motors, is contemplating what would be his boldest move
yet: the acquisition of luxury automobile manufacturer Jaguar Land Rover from
Ford Motor. Historically an Indian truck manufacturer, Tata Motors had
diversified into automobiles to capitalize on the emerging automotive market in
India, growing into a respected regional competitor. Tata now had its sights on
becoming a global competitor in passenger vehicles. The Jaguar Land Rover
acquisition would give Tata entry into the luxury automotive segment and provide
it a foothold in the U.S. and European markets.

Jaguar and Land Rover were premier luxury automotive brands from Britain. Jaguar
and Land Rover had gone through a number of mergers and acquisitions over the
years before being acquired by the Ford, in 1989 and 2000, respectively. They
joined a stable of other luxury brands - Aston Martin, Volvo and Lincoln - to
make up Ford's Premier Automotive Group. When the brands produced anemic returns
over the early years of the 2000s, Ford reconsidered its luxury strategy and
began to sell some of the brands. Jaguar Land Rover, which posted losses
estimated at up to $10 billion, was put up for sale by Ford in June 2007.

An acquisition of Jaguar Land Rover would probably present a number of
challenges for Tata Motors, not the least of which is whether it would be able
to turn around an automotive group that was underperforming and unprofitable.
How would the maker of the world's cheapest car fare in manufacturing and
selling a venerable brand of luxury vehicles? Unions in Britain expressed
concerns about whether Tata was up to the task and would keep production there.
Complicating matters, the sale of Jaguar Land Rover had attracted a number of
bidders, including a handful of private equity groups as well as Mahindra &
Mahindra, a regional competitor of Tata Motors. At what price would Tata be able
to acquire Jaguar Land Rover? Would it be able to generate future earnings to
justify that purchase price?

The resolution: Tata Motors completed the acquisition of Jaguar Land Rover in
June 2008. Early reports suggest that Tata has turned around and grown Jaguar
Land Rover. In 2011, Jaguar Land Rover accounted for two-thirds of Tata Motors'
net income.

The lesson: Acquisitions are an important tool in a business leader's tool kit.
They can help increase earnings and alter a company's strategic direction.
However, the decision to pursue an acquisition is often not simple. There are
more failed acquisitions than successes, and numerous factors influence whether
an acquisition succeeds or fails. A broad set of strategic factors must be
considered to make reasonable judgments on whether to move forward.- Michael
Lenox

Lenox is a professor of business administration and associate dean and executive
director of the Batten Institute at the University of Virginia Darden School of
Business.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             152 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 27, 2012 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Using an acquisition to rev up a company

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 522 words


The big idea: Can an aspiring global competitor from a developing economy use
the acquisition of an established Western business to grow its earnings and
diversify?

The scenario: In the wake of launching the world's cheapest car, the Nano, Ratan
Tata, chairman of Tata Motors, is contemplating what would be his boldest move
yet: the acquisition of luxury automobile manufacturer Jaguar Land Rover from
Ford Motor. Historically an Indian truck manufacturer, Tata Motors had
diversified into automobiles to capitalize on the emerging automotive market in
India, growing into a respected regional competitor. Tata now had its sights on
becoming a global competitor in passenger vehicles. The Jaguar Land Rover
acquisition would give Tata entry into the luxury automotive segment and provide
it a foothold in the U.S. and European markets.

Jaguar and Land Rover were premier luxury automotive brands from Britain. Jaguar
and Land Rover had gone through a number of mergers and acquisitions over the
years before being acquired by the Ford, in 1989 and 2000, respectively. They
joined a stable of other luxury brands - Aston Martin, Volvo and Lincoln - to
make up Ford's Premier Automotive Group. When the brands produced anemic returns
over the early years of the 2000s, Ford reconsidered its luxury strategy and
began to sell some of the brands. Jaguar Land Rover, which posted losses
estimated at up to $10 billion, was put up for sale by Ford in June 2007.

An acquisition of Jaguar Land Rover would probably present a number of
challenges for Tata Motors, not the least of which is whether it would be able
to turn around an automotive group that was underperforming and unprofitable.
How would the maker of the world's cheapest car fare in manufacturing and
selling a venerable brand of luxury vehicles? Unions in Britain expressed
concerns about whether Tata was up to the task and would keep production there.
Complicating matters, the sale of Jaguar Land Rover had attracted a number of
bidders, including a handful of private equity groups as well as Mahindra &
Mahindra, a regional competitor of Tata Motors. At what price would Tata be able
to acquire Jaguar Land Rover? Would it be able to generate future earnings to
justify that purchase price?

The resolution: Tata Motors completed the acquisition of Jaguar Land Rover in
June 2008. Early reports suggest that Tata has turned around and grown Jaguar
Land Rover. In 2011, Jaguar Land Rover accounted for two-thirds of Tata Motors'
net income.

The lesson:Acquisitions are an important tool in a business leader's tool kit.
They can help increase earnings and alter a company's strategic direction.
However, the decision to pursue an acquisition is often not simple. There are
more failed acquisitions than successes, and numerous factors influence whether
an acquisition succeeds or fails. A broad set of strategic factors must be
considered to make reasonable judgments on whether to move forward.- Michael
Lenox

Lenox is a professor of business administration and associate dean and executive
director of the Batten Institute at the University of Virginia Darden School of
Business.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             153 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 19, 2012 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

GM bows out of 2013 Super Bowl advertising after CBS raises price

BYLINE: Tom Krisher

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 534 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


DETROIT - General Motors said Friday that it will not be advertising during next
year's Super Bowl because of a steep price increase demanded by CBS, the network
broadcasting the game Feb. 3 .

"We understand the reach the Super Bowl provides, but with the significant
increase in price, we simply can't justify the expense," GM marketing chief Joel
Ewanick said in a statement.

A person with knowledge of advertising costs said Friday that CBS wants 25 to 30
percent more for airtime than NBC charged during this year's game. Companies
spent an average of $3.5 million for a 30-second commercial this year, meaning
the increase would be at least $875,000 per ad. The person did not want to be
identified because the ad prices have not been made public.

CBS spokeswoman Shannon Jacobs would not comment on GM's decision or on the size
of any price increase.

This year, a top CBS sales official told the trade publication Advertising Age
that prices for Super Bowl spots would be raised. CBS has said spots for next
year's game are selling well.

For GM, it is the second major advertising change it confirmed this week. The
Detroit automaker said Tuesday that it would pull $10 million in ads from
Facebook, saying they were not effective.

The moves for GM come as the company shakes up its global advertising, hoping to
save $2 billion. The company consolidated its two main ad agencies into one and
centralized its media buying with one firm in an effort to get better prices. GM
spent about $4.5 billion on advertising worldwide last year and expects to spend
about the same this year.

GM advertised during this year's Super Bowl with a spot that rankled its rival
Ford. One of GM's ads implied that its Chevrolet Silverado pickup truck was more
dependable than Ford's F-Series pickup. In the ad, a driver in a Silverado
navigated a post-apocalyptic scene. When he met some friends, he noticed one was
missing. The ad said the friend who didn't make it was driving a Ford.

The Super Bowl is advertising's biggest spectacle, with automakers buying a big
chunk of airtime.

Hyundai, which had five spots before and during this year's Super Bowl, is
willing to pay the price increase for next year's game, Steve Shannon, vice
president of U.S. marketing, said Friday. "We still think it's a terrific
value," he said. "We're happy to be back next year." He declined to reveal how
much the company will spend.

Chrysler Group has used lengthy spots in the past two years to highlight its
comeback from bankruptcy protection. Spokeswoman Dianna Gutierrez said Friday
that it is too early to say if Chrysler will be on during the 2013 game. But she
hinted that it might be too big an audience to pass up. "Obviously we've seen
success from the past two years," she said.

The shift away from football's biggest game is a risky one for GM, especially in
a year when it plans to roll out new pickup trucks and several other models.
This year was the third consecutive year that the game set a record as the
most-watched U.S. television show in history. The Nielsen Co. said an estimated
111.3 million people watched the New York Giants beat the New England Patriots.
That was slightly more viewers than in 2011.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             154 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       May 16, 2012 Wednesday 8:12 PM EST

Ex-Ford Motor chief helped lead automakerthrough two recessions

BYLINE: From news services

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 290 words


Harold A. "Red" Poling, former Ford Motor chairman and chief executive officer
who helped lead the automaker through two recessions, died May 12 at his home in
Pacific Grove, Calif. He was 86.

A spokeswoman for the Dearborn, Mich.-based company confirmed the death but did
not know the cause.

Mr. Poling led Ford as chairman and chief executive from 1990 until his
retirement on Jan. 1, 1994.

He led the company through a deep recession, when Ford's sales in North America
and Europe plunged and losses totaled $9.64 billion in 1991 and 1992.

By the time Mr. Poling retired, Ford controlled 25.3 percent of the U.S. auto
market, up from 21 percent in 1983, and had a net income of $2.53 billion in
1993, his final full year.

During another financial crisis in the early 1980s, Mr. Poling, as leader of
Ford's North American auto operations, approved spending $3 billion to engineer
an aerodynamic sedan named Taurus that became the top-selling car in the United
States.

"We bet the company," Mr. Poling said in a 1993 corporate biography. "It was a
tremendous gamble, but it has paid off handsomely." The automaker introduced the
Taurus in 1985 as a 1986 model.

Harold Arthur Poling was born on Oct. 14, 1925, in the Detroit suburb of Troy,
Mich., and raised in Fairfax County, where he was a graduate of Fairfax High
School. After Navy service, he was a 1949 graduate of Monmouth College in
Illinois and received a master's degree in business administration from Indiana
University in 1951. He then joined Ford's steel division as a college graduate
trainee and worked his way up through the ranks.

He led Ford's European operations in the 1970s and then went on to serve as its
president and vice chairman in the 1980s.

- From news services

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             155 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 16, 2012 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Ex-Ford Motor chief helped lead automakerthrough two recessions

BYLINE: From news services

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 288 words


Harold A. "Red" Poling, former Ford Motor chairman and chief executive officer
who helped lead the automaker through two recessions, died May 12 at his home in
Pacific Grove, Calif. He was 86.

A spokeswoman for the Dearborn, Mich.-based company confirmed the death but did
not know the cause.

Mr. Poling led Ford as chairman and chief executive from 1990 until his
retirement on Jan. 1, 1994.

He led the company through a deep recession, when Ford's sales in North America
and Europe plunged and losses totaled $9.64 billion in 1991 and 1992.

By the time Mr. Poling retired, Ford controlled 25.3 percent of the U.S. auto
market, up from 21 percent in 1983, and had a net income of $2.53 billion in
1993, his final full year.

During another financial crisis in the early 1980s, Mr. Poling, as leader of
Ford's North American auto operations, approved spending $3 billion to engineer
an aerodynamic sedan named Taurus that became the top-selling car in the United
States.

"We bet the company," Mr. Poling said in a 1993 corporate biography. "It was a
tremendous gamble, but it has paid off handsomely." The automaker introduced the
Taurus in 1985 as a 1986 model.

Harold Arthur Poling was born on Oct. 14, 1925, in the Detroit suburb of Troy,
Mich., and raised in Fairfax County, where he was a graduate of Fairfax High
School. After Navy service, he was a 1949 graduate of Monmouth College in
Illinois and received a master's degree in business administration from Indiana
University in 1951. He then joined Ford's steel division as a college graduate
trainee and worked his way up through the ranks.

He led Ford's European operations in the 1970s and then went on to serve as its
president and vice chairman in the 1980s.

- From news services

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             156 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                         May 6, 2012 Sunday 8:12 PM EST

From the Carlyle playbook: The anatomy of a private equity turnaround

BYLINE: Thomas Heath

SECTION: ; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 3467 words


Th e three auto industry veterans - novices when it came to high-finance pitches
- were a bit anxious as they entered the sprawling, 42nd-floor conference room
at the Carlyle Group's Manhattan offices, with polished cherry walls and a
killer view of Central Park.  ¶  Armed with PowerPoint and their "thousand-page
business plan," the men were seeking expertise from Washington-based Carlyle,
which had made a  fortune for its founders and investors during 25  years of
buying, improving and selling companies.  ¶    The would-be entrepreneurs were
after some of Carlyle's gilt-edged reputation as well as its partnership. Most
of all, they wanted access to its deep   pockets. If Carlyle was willing to put
up the money, it would buy and revamp what had been a lethargic, cash-starved
Michigan  auto components manufacturer with the funny name of UniBoring.

The company's   expertise, lightweight aluminum drivetrains, filled a niche in
the industry, and the executives thought they could turn it around.  ¶  Bruce
Swift, who led the auto group, knew the industry supply chain inside and out
from two decades of working at places like Ford Motor and Honda. Steve Bay was
an expert on the manufacturing side of auto components. And Shankar Kiru was a
whiz at the   financi al and technology side of automaking.  ¶  Their business
plan was something out of "Moneyball": Unleash data crunchers and turn an
inefficient company into a streamlined marvel of efficiency.  ¶  Th is was the
bet: Demand for better vehicle g as mileage would create huge and  growing
demand in the auto industry for lightweight aluminum parts.   ¶  "We were going
to transition the business from a local manufacturer into a globally competitive
enterprise," Swift said. "We had to take it apart and put it together with the
right people,   right machines, right     customers, right suppliers."

Three partners from Carlyle's special situations and distressed assets team
listened for two hours, pushing back diplomatically, aware that their guests had
never done this before.

Special situations teams like the ones at Carlyle hunt vulnerable, at-risk
companies - often from old industries like coal or carpets. These dealmakers are
hard-core, unsentimental capitalists. They might quickly fix the business and
flip it for a fast profit. They might break it up and sell off the pieces. A
third strategy is to turn it around and expand it for a big home run down the
road.

This wasn't going to be a breakup. It wasn't going to be a flip job.

The auto guys were swinging for a home run. They wanted to turn around
UniBoring. The family-owned company had a good product and customers, but it was
hampered by poor financing and outdated equipment.

The auto executives thought that with the right management and Carlyle's
financing, there was a fortune to be made.

And Carlyle knows about making fortunes. The Washington-based firm is a paragon
of private equity, an industry that puts investment money behind companies,
revamps their operations and tries to sell at a profit. It is the world's
second-largest firm of its kind behind Blackstone, with $147 billion under
management and more than 200 companies in its portfolio. Its co-founder David M.
Rubenstein is an outspoken proponent of private equity, which in recent months
has come to the forefront of the national economic debate over tax fairness and
the more Darwinian aspects of business.

Private equity can be a blunt instrument to reorder unproductive businesses and
create vast wealth. Its creative destruction has been defended by the likes of
Mitt Romney, the presumed GOP presidential nominee who built his fortune at Bain
Capital, a major private-equity firm.

Much of the public debate about private equity has focused on super-wealthy
individuals like Romney and Rubenstein, with less attention on how the industry
works. Carlyle took the unusual step of allowing access to its players behind
the UniBoring deal, offering one window into the practices of private equity,
from cost-cutting to layoffs, from its acquisitions to factory management.

This is how private equity is supposed to work: With UniBoring, Carlyle and its
investor-managers would end up taking a money-losing local manufacturer with 465
employees and $100 million in revenue and within six years building it into a
global firm with 2,365 employees and nearly $600 million in revenue. They sold
it last December for more than $400 million, earning many times their
investment, according to published reports and an analysis by The Washington
Post. The bounty was shared by Carlyle and its investors, Swift and his auto
team.

While most of Carlyle's investments have achieved above-market returns for its
investors, the firm has also had a few losers in its 25 years. In 2008 Carlyle
launched Carlyle Capital, an offshore public company that invested in
mortgage-related securities. The company's business was to borrow money to buy
the securities and to make money on the difference between the firm's borrowing
costs and what it earned on the interest paid on the bonds. But when the value
of those securities dropped, lenders asked for more cash; they foreclosed when
Carlyle refused. It lost $600 million.

It has had its share of corporate bankruptcies as well, including Hawaiian
Telcom, the local phone company in Hawaii, and Oriental Trading Company, an
Omaha distributor of low-cost party favors that Carlyle paid $1 billion for in
2006; it faltered in part under a heavy debt load and fell into bankruptcy.
Carlyle bought Hawaiian Telcom in 2005 and put $425 million into the company.
But the deal took a year to get approved by regulators, and the company began
losing land-line telephone customers faster than anticipated. By 2008, it was
bankrupt. In each case, Carlyle lost all its money, but the companies emerged
from bankruptcy and are in business today.

Carlyle went public last week in a highly anticipated stock offering of $22 a
share, which valued the firm at $6.7 billion. The stock closed Friday at $22.05.

When Swift and his team walked out into the streets of Midtown Manhattan that
March day after the two-hour meeting, they weren't sure whether they had a
partner. They felt humbled and would look back on their presentation as
undeserving of Carlyle's attention.

As Swift put it, "We were guys with big dreams and very little money."

The auction

Even before Carlyle had a chance to seal the deal and start turning UniBoring
around, the deal began to unravel.

In May 2005, just two months after the meeting in New York, UniBoring declared
bankruptcy - crushing the auto troika, who had quit their jobs to pursue their
dream.

"That's when the drama started," Swift said. "We had one of those 'Oh my God'
moments."

On Sept. 23, 2005, they found themselves in downtown Detroit, squeezed into a
sweaty, law office conference room, where 50 lawyers, accountants, auto industry
executives, claimants, creditors and investment bankers were picking the bones
of UniBoring, while its owner, an Argentine-born businessman, looked on.

The members of Carlyle's distressed assets team, Ray Whiteman, Shary Moalemzadeh
and Michael Stewart, were watching their plan for UniBoring evaporate during the
tense, six-hour auction. A late-to-the-game rival private-equity firm from
Dallas was swooping in to steal the prize.

The bidding rose in $100,000 increments.

"We would bid, then the Dallas guys would bid $100,000 more than us," said
Whiteman, 51. "Their strategy was Carlyle-plus-one."

Carlyle had approval from its investment committee, the wise men back in
Washington who have final say on where to put the firm's billions, to bid up
into the mid-20 millions. When Dallas pushed north of that, Carlyle backed off.

"We were going to have to invest millions more in the company after we bought
it," Whiteman said, "and the numbers the Dallas guys were offering just didn't
make sense."

Swift and his nervous investors sat in a cold sweat. As the bidding tightened,
Swift took Whiteman aside and said he and his partners would forgo their first
year's salary to help fund the purchase price. They had already cleaned out
their savings and mortgaged their homes to become investors in the project. They
might as well go all in.

"We wanted it that badly," Kiru said.

At one point, a major carmaker stepped into a room where the Carlyle team was
caucusing, offering to give Carlyle money to win; it couldn't afford to lose
UniBoring as a supplier, the automaker said.

When the bidding hit $27.3 million, Carlyle - and its three auto industry
veterans - walked.

They headed out into downtown Detroit that September evening filled with dread.

"We had quit our jobs to do this," Swift said. "We had no jobs and no businesses
to buy. I didn't know what I was going to tell my wife."

Kiru had only one thought: "What am I going to do now?"

He didn't have to wait long for an answer. Something nagged at Whiteman and
Moalemzadeh. Buried in the UniBoring books was an equipment lease. Carlyle had
seen the expense and factored it into its bid. They were betting the Dallas
bidders had missed it.

"This isn't over," Whiteman said.

The purchase

It was the sort of moment that makes deal guys giddy.

Two weeks after the auction of UniBoring, on Oct. 6, 2005, Moalemzadeh was at
his computer in New York when an e-mail from Carlyle's deal lawyers at Latham &
Watkins fired across his screen. It was 3:44 p.m.

The Latham attorney had been told that the Dallas group might not close its deal
to buy UniBoring. In that case, according to a copy of the e-mail, UniBoring
wanted to know: Would Carlyle be willing to "stand there with a catcher's mitt
if they don't?"

Within minutes, Moalemzadeh and Whiteman got on a conference call with Latham &
Watkins. To this day, they believe it was the unforeseen lease expense that did
in Dallas, but they are not sure.

Whatever it was, Carlyle bought UniBoring on Nov. 18, 2005, for $20.7 million -
below what it had originally thought it would have to pay. Carlyle would
eventually invest nearly $40 million in the company.

While most of the money came from Carlyle's limited partners, which are the
giant pension funds, sovereign wealth funds and wealthy individuals who give the
company billions to invest, there was personal money involved, as well.
Moalemzadeh and Whiteman put up their own cash, along with Swift, Kiru and Bay,
who stripped their savings bare to get in on the deal.

"We wanted a philosophical alignment in ownership," Swift said. Recalling the
original pitch meeting at Carlyle's New York offices, he said, "We looked them
straight in the eye and said, 'Are you going to back us or not? Are you going to
stand with us?' "

They now owned a Howell, Mich.-based company with three factories, 465 employees
and a reputation for high-quality aluminum components.

Swift described the deal closing as "one of the happiest days of our lives."

The euphoria evaporated quickly.

Swift, Kiru and Bay were in the Howell headquarters, taking over offices the day
before the deal even closed.

They stayed at the offices until 4 a.m., planning their next move. They quickly
met with the former owner's family members, about seven nieces, nephews, in-laws
and others who worked at the company. UniBoring was under new management, they
said.

The company was losing money. It needed to be run more efficiently, Kiru says.

"It clearly had all the hallmarks of a family-run company," said one analyst
familiar with the company. "There were family members involved in the company,
and maybe they were not the best people for the right position. If you're a
family-run company, your issue is how many people I keep employed."

The family members were soon let go. Thirty more employees followed them out the
door. In the first year, about 200 of the 465 employees were replaced.

The more Carlyle's acquisition team dug into the business, the more problems
surfaced. Tools were missing. They thought the record-keeping was poor and the
finances were a mess, with drawers full of unpaid bills. Suppliers, waiting for
payments, would not deliver products until they they had their money. Equipment
had not been maintained. Parts had been cannibalized from other machines.

"It was almost a 'Chitty Chitty Bang Bang' where you have to hit the machine on
the side," Swift said. "Customers were screaming. Suppliers hated us because
they were hurt in the bankruptcy and couldn't make money."

The company was bleeding $500,000 a month.

By Christmas, UniBoring had lost $2 million.

"That was a low point," Whiteman said.

Pulling from its private-equity playbook, Carlyle and Swift's on-site team
implemented a carefully scripted 100-day plan designed to turn the business
around. One of the first items on the list: changing the name to Diversified
Machine Inc. in an effort to remake the company's image.

They bought software to track daily, weekly and monthly cash flow, which enabled
them to anticipate financial problems. Managers were given goals and required to
reach them.

Carlyle instituted Friday conference calls with Swift's core team, asking
detailed questions about every facet of the business. Swift and his team started
holding small meetings with employees in the cafeteria, explaining who they were
and their goals for the business.

They reduced job classifications from 30 to three. They plastered white boards
around the factories, tracking progress toward productivity goals on a weekly,
monthly and quarterly basis. The more widgets you produced, the better chance
you had of getting your bonus.

Middle management was eliminated.

"Instead of walking around yelling at people, we had team leaders," Kiru said.

As 2005 turned into 2006, cash on hand dwindled to $100,000, which is unheard of
for a $100 million business.

"We had a couple of close weeks," Moalemzadeh said.

Things were looking up by the end of 2006. Revenue started growing, hitting $130
million for the year. Three days before Christmas, the company reeled in its
first new client since the takeover: International Truck and Engineering Corp.
signed a multiyear contract for auto parts.

In February 2007, Diversified Machine bought an obscure suspension division from
Hayes Lemmerz, a 104-year-old auto supplier, which gave the firm instant
credibility. The acquisition included two aluminum castings plants - in Bristol,
Ind., and Montague, Mich. This allowed Diversified Machine to add a new line of
business, melting and casting its own aluminum. The maneuver allowed it to
expand sales faster than costs.

"All of a sudden, we are a respected company in the industry," he recalled.

By the middle of 2008, the manufacturer was sailing toward annual revenue of
$320 million for the year, triple what the company had been generating when
Carlyle bought it.

Then came the collapse of Lehman Brothers - and the Great Recession.

The recession

Toward the end of 2008, Kiru noticed something funny.

A weekly list of future orders from Diversified Machine customers showed demand
for its components pushed out to a later date. Kiru at first thought it was the
usual, end-of-year slowdown by businesses that didn't want unused stuff on the
factory floor when they closed out the books.

By early 2009, the demand kept dropping. The Carlyle team looked around. Credit
markets were seizing. No one could borrow.

"We saw the tsunami was coming," Whiteman said. "The question was how big that
tsunami was going to be."

Auto sales dropped from 14.8 million a year to 8 million. General Motors and
Chrysler hovered near bankruptcy. Ford had mortgaged its assets, right down to
its brand name, to stave off the abyss.

Sales at Diversified Machine plummeted by 40 percent. Profit margins dropped
from double digits to low single digits. With $200 million in revenue, they'd
missed their target by $100 million. At the rate they were going, they would
have to shut down the business and write it all off. They had to move quickly.

"We had to make sure the enterprise survived," Moalemzadeh said.

The biggest cost was labor, so they attacked that first, laying off 22 percent
of their workforce, including engineers, purchasing people, managers and factory
workers. Swift's team took a 10 percent pay cut. Vacations were canceled.

"It was the scariest moment we faced," Swift said.

Costs were cut by 25 percent, but Diversified Machine still lost money in the
first quarter of 2009. As they foraged for breathing room, they put off paying
bills as long as possible. They waited until the last minute to order supplies
so they didn't waste cash.

They took an ax to fixed costs. They lowered lease costs from $8 million a year
to nothing, either through renegotiations or buying them out. They appealed for
tax relief to local governments. Insurance was cut. By the second half of the
year, they were breaking even.

They were also opportunistic, scooping up unemployed top engineers at bargain
prices. When the economy started to recover at the end of 2009, "we were one of
the few businesses that were viable and healthy," Moalemzadeh said. "We were the
beneficiary."

With the business somewhat stabilized, the Diversified Machine team went hunting
for an aluminum foundry. The idea was right out of business strategy 101: By
owning the entire chain of manufacturing, starting with the aluminum in the
ground, you can control costs and increase profits.

Each acquisition added more value to Diversified Machine than the price it paid.
A strategy of "two plus two equals five," as Swift had laid out in the plan to
buy UniBoring.

The company piled on acquisitions - an aluminum casting plant in 2007, a chassis
business in 2009, an aluminum foundry in France in 2011. Revenue soared, from
$200 million in 2009 to $470 million in 2010 to $590 million in 2011.

They had gone global, with plants from China to France to North America,
manufacturing aluminum parts deliverable to auto plants across the world.

The partners had owned the company for six years, about as long as
private-equity firms take to rebuild a company. Bankers, other private-equity
firms and corporations came calling: Is the company for sale?

"We knew now was the time," Whiteman said. "We saw what the auto sales were
doing. Automotive was not a bad word anymore."

Carlyle hired Evercore Partners out of New York, headed by former deputy
Treasury secretary Roger Altman, and sent summaries of Diversified Machine to 50
potential buyers.

By September 2011, Platinum Equity Partners of California bought the company for
more than $400 million, according to published reports - nearly 10 times the
investment Carlyle and the three partners from the auto industry made in the
firm, a Post analysis shows.

The sale

Shankar Kiru could not stop refreshing his computer at Diversified Machine's
headquarters that Thursday, Dec. 1, 2011.

With each click, he waited for the sign from his bank that his share of the
profit from the company's sale had landed in his account. It was the reward for
six years of nonstop work, when he spent more time with his partners than his
children. The reward for walking away from a comfortable, six-figure job to help
buy an aging auto supplier. Six years of sacrifice. He kept clicking.

"I was checking every hour, on the hour and was calling the guys," he recalled.
His wife kept calling.

He wondered if it would actually happen.

When the life-changing money came through, "it was very surreal," he said. "I
had never seen such an amount. We were all calling each other, listening to
grown men cry."

That night, Swift, Bay and Kiru went to their favorite Italian restaurant and
splurged on a bottle of fine wine. The next day, with their millions in the
bank, they reported to the plant at 7 a.m.

Within a week, Kiru had paid off the mortgage on his home, which he had borrowed
against to get in on the deal.

He's booked a six-week trek through the Himalayas to recharge and reconnect with
his family.

Then it's back to Michigan, eventually to show up somewhere else at 7 a.m. to
rebuild another business.

Over at Carlyle, the unsentimental capitalists were hunting once again.

heatht@washpost.com

The men who saw the potential

Three auto industry veterans - from top, Bruce Swift, Shankar Kiru and Steve Bay
- first approached Carlyle with the idea of turning around this mismanaged,
poorly financed auto parts manufacturer.

Auto parts worth investing in

Carlyle took a gamble with UniBoring because there was growth potential for the
company. Growing demand for better gas mileage translated into a bigger market
for lightweight aluminum auto components.

$

590

million Diversified Machine Inc.'s

revenue in 2011, six years

after it was taken over

by Carlyle.

$10 0

million

The machine company's

revenue in 2005

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             157 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                               May 6, 2012 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

From the Carlyle playbook: The anatomy of a private equity turnaround

BYLINE: Thomas Heath

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 3437 words


Th e three auto industry veterans - novices when it came to high-finance pitches
- were a bit anxious as they entered the sprawling, 42nd-floor conference room
at the Carlyle Group's Manhattan offices, with polished cherry walls and a
killer view of Central Park.  Â¶  Armed with PowerPoint and their "thousand-page
business plan," the men were seeking expertise from Washington-based Carlyle,
which had made a  fortune for its founders and investors during 25  years of
buying, improving and selling companies.  Â¶    The would-be entrepreneurs were
after some of Carlyle's gilt-edged reputation as well as its partnership. Most
of all, they wanted access to its deep   pockets. If Carlyle was willing to put
up the money, it would buy and revamp what had been a lethargic, cash-starved
Michigan  auto components manufacturer with the funny name of UniBoring.

The company's   expertise, lightweight aluminum drivetrains, filled a niche in
the industry, and the executives thought they could turn it around.  Â¶  Bruce
Swift, who led the auto group, knew the industry supply chain inside and out
from two decades of working at places like Ford Motor and Honda. Steve Bay was
an expert on the manufacturing side of auto components. And Shankar Kiru was a
whiz at the   financi al and technology side of automaking.  Â¶  Their business
plan was something out of "Moneyball": Unleash data crunchers and turn an
inefficient company into a streamlined marvel of efficiency.  Â¶  Th is was the
bet: Demand for better vehicle g as mileage would create huge and  growing
demand in the auto industry for lightweight aluminum parts.   Â¶  "We were going
to transition the business from a local manufacturer into a globally competitive
enterprise," Swift said. "We had to take it apart and put it together with the
right people,   right machines, right     customers, right suppliers."

Three partners from Carlyle's special situations and distressed assets team
listened for two hours, pushing back diplomatically, aware that their guests had
never done this before.

Special situations teams like the ones at Carlyle hunt vulnerable, at-risk
companies - often from old industries like coal or carpets. These dealmakers are
hard-core, unsentimental capitalists. They might quickly fix the business and
flip it for a fast profit. They might break it up and sell off the pieces. A
third strategy is to turn it around and expand it for a big home run down the
road.

This wasn't going to be a breakup. It wasn't going to be a flip job.

The auto guys were swinging for a home run. They wanted to turn around
UniBoring. The family-owned company had a good product and customers, but it was
hampered by poor financing and outdated equipment.

The auto executives thought that with the right management and Carlyle's
financing, there was a fortune to be made.

And Carlyle knows about making fortunes. The Washington-based firm is a paragon
of private equity, an industry that puts investment money behind companies,
revamps their operations and tries to sell at a profit. It is the world's
second-largest firm of its kind behind Blackstone, with $147 billion under
management and more than 200 companies in its portfolio. Its co-founder David M.
Rubenstein is an outspoken proponent of private equity, which in recent months
has come to the forefront of the national economic debate over tax fairness and
the more Darwinian aspects of business.

Private equity can be a blunt instrument to reorder unproductive businesses and
create vast wealth. Its creative destruction has been defended by the likes of
Mitt Romney, the presumed GOP presidential nominee who built his fortune at Bain
Capital, a major private-equity firm.

Much of the public debate about private equity has focused on super-wealthy
individuals like Romney and Rubenstein, with less attention on how the industry
works. Carlyle took the unusual step of allowing access to its players behind
the UniBoring deal, offering one window into the practices of private equity,
from cost-cutting to layoffs, from its acquisitions to factory management.

This is how private equity is supposed to work: With UniBoring, Carlyle and its
investor-managers would end up taking a money-losing local manufacturer with 465
employees and $100 million in revenue and within six years building it into a
global firm with 2,365 employees and nearly $600 million in revenue. They sold
it last December for more than $400 million, earning many times their
investment, according to published reports and an analysis by The Washington
Post. The bounty was shared by Carlyle and its investors, Swift and his auto
team.

While most of Carlyle's investments have achieved above-market returns for its
investors, the firm has also had a few losers in its 25 years. In 2008 Carlyle
launched Carlyle Capital, an offshore public company that invested in
mortgage-related securities. The company's business was to borrow money to buy
the securities and to make money on the difference between the firm's borrowing
costs and what it earned on the interest paid on the bonds. But when the value
of those securities dropped, lenders asked for more cash; they foreclosed when
Carlyle refused. It lost $600 million.

It has had its share of corporate bankruptcies as well, including Hawaiian
Telcom, the local phone company in Hawaii, and Oriental Trading Company, an
Omaha distributor of low-cost party favors that Carlyle paid $1 billion for in
2006; it faltered in part under a heavy debt load and fell into bankruptcy.
Carlyle bought Hawaiian Telcom in 2005 and put $425 million into the company.
But the deal took a year to get approved by regulators, and the company began
losing land-line telephone customers faster than anticipated. By 2008, it was
bankrupt. In each case, Carlyle lost all its money, but the companies emerged
from bankruptcy and are in business today.

Carlyle went public last week in a highly anticipated stock offering of $22 a
share, which valued the firm at $6.7 billion. The stock closed Friday at $22.05.

When Swift and his team walked out into the streets of Midtown Manhattan that
March day after the two-hour meeting, they weren't sure whether they had a
partner. They felt humbled and would look back on their presentation as
undeserving of Carlyle's attention.

As Swift put it, "We were guys with big dreams and very little money."

The auction

Even before Carlyle had a chance to seal the deal and start turning UniBoring
around, the deal began to unravel.

In May 2005, just two months after the meeting in New York, UniBoring declared
bankruptcy - crushing the auto troika, who had quit their jobs to pursue their
dream.

"That's when the drama started," Swift said. "We had one of those 'Oh my God'
moments."

On Sept. 23, 2005, they found themselves in downtown Detroit, squeezed into a
sweaty, law office conference room, where 50 lawyers, accountants, auto industry
executives, claimants, creditors and investment bankers were picking the bones
of UniBoring, while its owner, an Argentine-born businessman, looked on.

The members of Carlyle's distressed assets team, Ray Whiteman, Shary Moalemzadeh
and Michael Stewart, were watching their plan for UniBoring evaporate during the
tense, six-hour auction. A late-to-the-game rival private-equity firm from
Dallas was swooping in to steal the prize.

The bidding rose in $100,000 increments.

"We would bid, then the Dallas guys would bid $100,000 more than us," said
Whiteman, 51. "Their strategy was Carlyle-plus-one."

Carlyle had approval from its investment committee, the wise men back in
Washington who have final say on where to put the firm's billions, to bid up
into the mid-20 millions. When Dallas pushed north of that, Carlyle backed off.

"We were going to have to invest millions more in the company after we bought
it," Whiteman said, "and the numbers the Dallas guys were offering just didn't
make sense."

Swift and his nervous investors sat in a cold sweat. As the bidding tightened,
Swift took Whiteman aside and said he and his partners would forgo their first
year's salary to help fund the purchase price. They had already cleaned out
their savings and mortgaged their homes to become investors in the project. They
might as well go all in.

"We wanted it that badly," Kiru said.

At one point, a major carmaker stepped into a room where the Carlyle team was
caucusing, offering to give Carlyle money to win; it couldn't afford to lose
UniBoring as a supplier, the automaker said.

When the bidding hit $27.3 million, Carlyle - and its three auto industry
veterans - walked.

They headed out into downtown Detroit that September evening filled with dread.

"We had quit our jobs to do this," Swift said. "We had no jobs and no businesses
to buy. I didn't know what I was going to tell my wife."

Kiru had only one thought: "What am I going to do now?"

He didn't have to wait long for an answer. Something nagged at Whiteman and
Moalemzadeh. Buried in the UniBoring books was an equipment lease. Carlyle had
seen the expense and factored it into its bid. They were betting the Dallas
bidders had missed it.

"This isn't over," Whiteman said.

The purchase

It was the sort of moment that makes deal guys giddy.

Two weeks after the auction of UniBoring, on Oct. 6, 2005, Moalemzadeh was at
his computer in New York when an e-mail from Carlyle's deal lawyers at Latham &
Watkins fired across his screen. It was 3:44 p.m.

The Latham attorney had been told that the Dallas group might not close its deal
to buy UniBoring. In that case, according to a copy of the e-mail, UniBoring
wanted to know: Would Carlyle be willing to "stand there with a catcher's mitt
if they don't?"

Within minutes, Moalemzadeh and Whiteman got on a conference call with Latham &
Watkins. To this day, they believe it was the unforeseen lease expense that did
in Dallas, but they are not sure.

Whatever it was, Carlyle bought UniBoring on Nov. 18, 2005, for $20.7 million -
below what it had originally thought it would have to pay. Carlyle would
eventually invest nearly $40 million in the company.

While most of the money came from Carlyle's limited partners, which are the
giant pension funds, sovereign wealth funds and wealthy individuals who give the
company billions to invest, there was personal money involved, as well.
Moalemzadeh and Whiteman put up their own cash, along with Swift, Kiru and Bay,
who stripped their savings bare to get in on the deal.

"We wanted a philosophical alignment in ownership," Swift said. Recalling the
original pitch meeting at Carlyle's New York offices, he said, "We looked them
straight in the eye and said, 'Are you going to back us or not? Are you going to
stand with us?' "

They now owned a Howell, Mich.-based company with three factories, 465 employees
and a reputation for high-quality aluminum components.

Swift described the deal closing as "one of the happiest days of our lives."

The euphoria evaporated quickly.

Swift, Kiru and Bay were in the Howell headquarters, taking over offices the day
before the deal even closed.

They stayed at the offices until 4 a.m., planning their next move. They quickly
met with the former owner's family members, about seven nieces, nephews, in-laws
and others who worked at the company. UniBoring was under new management, they
said.

The company was losing money. It needed to be run more efficiently, Kiru says.

"It clearly had all the hallmarks of a family-run company," said one analyst
familiar with the company. "There were family members involved in the company,
and maybe they were not the best people for the right position. If you're a
family-run company, your issue is how many people I keep employed."

The family members were soon let go. Thirty more employees followed them out the
door. In the first year, about 200 of the 465 employees were replaced.

The more Carlyle's acquisition team dug into the business, the more problems
surfaced. Tools were missing. They thought the record-keeping was poor and the
finances were a mess, with drawers full of unpaid bills. Suppliers, waiting for
payments, would not deliver products until they they had their money. Equipment
had not been maintained. Parts had been cannibalized from other machines.

"It was almost a 'Chitty Chitty Bang Bang' where you have to hit the machine on
the side," Swift said. "Customers were screaming. Suppliers hated us because
they were hurt in the bankruptcy and couldn't make money."

The company was bleeding $500,000 a month.

By Christmas, UniBoring had lost $2 million.

"That was a low point," Whiteman said.

Pulling from its private-equity playbook, Carlyle and Swift's on-site team
implemented a carefully scripted 100-day plan designed to turn the business
around. One of the first items on the list: changing the name to Diversified
Machine Inc. in an effort to remake the company's image.

They bought software to track daily, weekly and monthly cash flow, which enabled
them to anticipate financial problems. Managers were given goals and required to
reach them.

Carlyle instituted Friday conference calls with Swift's core team, asking
detailed questions about every facet of the business. Swift and his team started
holding small meetings with employees in the cafeteria, explaining who they were
and their goals for the business.

They reduced job classifications from 30 to three. They plastered white boards
around the factories, tracking progress toward productivity goals on a weekly,
monthly and quarterly basis. The more widgets you produced, the better chance
you had of getting your bonus.

Middle management was eliminated.

"Instead of walking around yelling at people, we had team leaders," Kiru said.

As 2005 turned into 2006, cash on hand dwindled to $100,000, which is unheard of
for a $100 million business.

"We had a couple of close weeks," Moalemzadeh said.

Things were looking up by the end of 2006. Revenue started growing, hitting $130
million for the year. Three days before Christmas, the company reeled in its
first new client since the takeover: International Truck and Engineering Corp.
signed a multiyear contract for auto parts.

In February 2007, Diversified Machine bought an obscure suspension division from
Hayes Lemmerz, a 104-year-old auto supplier, which gave the firm instant
credibility. The acquisition included two aluminum castings plants - in Bristol,
Ind., and Montague, Mich. This allowed Diversified Machine to add a new line of
business, melting and casting its own aluminum. The maneuver allowed it to
expand sales faster than costs.

"All of a sudden, we are a respected company in the industry," he recalled.

By the middle of 2008, the manufacturer was sailing toward annual revenue of
$320 million for the year, triple what the company had been generating when
Carlyle bought it.

Then came the collapse of Lehman Brothers - and the Great Recession.

The recession

Toward the end of 2008, Kiru noticed something funny.

A weekly list of future orders from Diversified Machine customers showed demand
for its components pushed out to a later date. Kiru at first thought it was the
usual, end-of-year slowdown by businesses that didn't want unused stuff on the
factory floor when they closed out the books.

By early 2009, the demand kept dropping. The Carlyle team looked around. Credit
markets were seizing. No one could borrow.

"We saw the tsunami was coming," Whiteman said. "The question was how big that
tsunami was going to be."

Auto sales dropped from 14.8 million a year to 8 million. General Motors and
Chrysler hovered near bankruptcy. Ford had mortgaged its assets, right down to
its brand name, to stave off the abyss.

Sales at Diversified Machine plummeted by 40 percent. Profit margins dropped
from double digits to low single digits. With $200 million in revenue, they'd
missed their target by $100 million. At the rate they were going, they would
have to shut down the business and write it all off. They had to move quickly.

"We had to make sure the enterprise survived," Moalemzadeh said.

The biggest cost was labor, so they attacked that first, laying off 22 percent
of their workforce, including engineers, purchasing people, managers and factory
workers. Swift's team took a 10 percent pay cut. Vacations were canceled.

"It was the scariest moment we faced," Swift said.

Costs were cut by 25 percent, but Diversified Machine still lost money in the
first quarter of 2009. As they foraged for breathing room, they put off paying
bills as long as possible. They waited until the last minute to order supplies
so they didn't waste cash.

They took an ax to fixed costs. They lowered lease costs from $8 million a year
to nothing, either through renegotiations or buying them out. They appealed for
tax relief to local governments. Insurance was cut. By the second half of the
year, they were breaking even.

They were also opportunistic, scooping up unemployed top engineers at bargain
prices. When the economy started to recover at the end of 2009, "we were one of
the few businesses that were viable and healthy," Moalemzadeh said. "We were the
beneficiary."

With the business somewhat stabilized, the Diversified Machine team went hunting
for an aluminum foundry. The idea was right out of business strategy 101: By
owning the entire chain of manufacturing, starting with the aluminum in the
ground, you can control costs and increase profits.

Each acquisition added more value to Diversified Machine than the price it paid.
A strategy of "two plus two equals five," as Swift had laid out in the plan to
buy UniBoring.

The company piled on acquisitions - an aluminum casting plant in 2007, a chassis
business in 2009, an aluminum foundry in France in 2011. Revenue soared, from
$200 million in 2009 to $470 million in 2010 to $590 million in 2011.

They had gone global, with plants from China to France to North America,
manufacturing aluminum parts deliverable to auto plants across the world.

The partners had owned the company for six years, about as long as
private-equity firms take to rebuild a company. Bankers, other private-equity
firms and corporations came calling: Is the company for sale?

"We knew now was the time," Whiteman said. "We saw what the auto sales were
doing. Automotive was not a bad word anymore."

Carlyle hired Evercore Partners out of New York, headed by former deputy
Treasury secretary Roger Altman, and sent summaries of Diversified Machine to 50
potential buyers.

By September 2011, Platinum Equity Partners of California bought the company for
more than $400 million, according to published reports - nearly 10 times the
investment Carlyle and the three partners from the auto industry made in the
firm, a Post analysis shows.

The sale

Shankar Kiru could not stop refreshing his computer at Diversified Machine's
headquarters that Thursday, Dec. 1, 2011.

With each click, he waited for the sign from his bank that his share of the
profit from the company's sale had landed in his account. It was the reward for
six years of nonstop work, when he spent more time with his partners than his
children. The reward for walking away from a comfortable, six-figure job to help
buy an aging auto supplier. Six years of sacrifice. He kept clicking.

"I was checking every hour, on the hour and was calling the guys," he recalled.
His wife kept calling.

He wondered if it would actually happen.

When the life-changing money came through, "it was very surreal," he said. "I
had never seen such an amount. We were all calling each other, listening to
grown men cry."

That night, Swift, Bay and Kiru went to their favorite Italian restaurant and
splurged on a bottle of fine wine. The next day, with their millions in the
bank, they reported to the plant at 7 a.m.

Within a week, Kiru had paid off the mortgage on his home, which he had borrowed
against to get in on the deal.

He's booked a six-week trek through the Himalayas to recharge and reconnect with
his family.

Then it's back to Michigan, eventually to show up somewhere else at 7 a.m. to
rebuild another business.

Over at Carlyle, the unsentimental capitalists were hunting once again.

heatht@washpost.com

The men who saw the potential

Three auto industry veterans - from top, Bruce Swift, Shankar Kiru and Steve Bay
- first approached Carlyle with the idea of turning around this mismanaged,
poorly financed auto parts manufacturer.

Auto parts worth investing in

Carlyle took a gamble with UniBoring because there was growth potential for the
company. Growing demand for better gas mileage translated into a bigger market
for lightweight aluminum auto components.

$

590

million Diversified Machine Inc.'s

revenue in 2011, six years

after it was taken over

by Carlyle.

$10 0

million

The machine company's

revenue in 2005

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             158 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        May 5, 2012 Saturday 8:12 PM EST

SECTION: A section; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 807 words


e-commerce          Groupon stock sinksover accounting woes

Groupon has lost half its value since a November initial public offering amid
concern over its ability to translate growth into profit while rectifying
accounting missteps.

The biggest online coupon company fell 3.3 percent to $9.97, a record low, at
the close Friday in New York. Groupon has slumped 50 percent since its
stock-market debut.

Chief executive Andrew Mason is taking steps to shore up confidence in the
company's ability to account for its business, which centers on the distribution
of coupons for discounts on products and services. In March, Groupon reported a
"material weakness" in financial controls and lower fourth-quarter revenue than
previously stated.

Restatements in the past year underscore the challenges of accounting for a
relatively untested business model. Last year, the company abandoned an
accounting method for operating income after a review by regulators.

Groupon said this week it is adding Daniel Henry, the finance chief of American
Express, and Robert Bass, a vice chairman of Deloitte, to the board,
underscoring a drive to bolster the company's finance and accounting bona fides.

- Bloomberg News

automotive          Ford wins appealin truck dealers' suit

Ford won its bid to overturn a $2 billion verdict and receive a new trial on
claims the automaker overcharged commercial truck dealers for 11 years.

An Ohio appeals court in Cleveland on Thursday rejected the largest judgment
ever against Ford and ruled that the trial judge improperly excluded evidence
that could have helped the company. Dealers can ask the Ohio Supreme Court to
review the ruling, which Ford disclosed Friday in a regulatory filing.

Cuyahoga County Judge Peter J. Corrigan improperly excluded evidence offered by
Ford to defend claims that it broke an agreement to sell trucks at published
prices from 1987 to 1998, the appellate court ruled. The dealers sued Ford in
2002, and in June, Corrigan upheld a $4.5 million jury verdict for a dealer.
Extrapolating from there, he said Ford owed $1.98 billion in damages and
interest to a class of 3,000 dealers.

"We look forward to trying the case before a jury that will be able to consider
all the evidence that was improperly excluded in the first trial," Marcey Evans,
a Ford spokeswoman, said Friday. James Lowe, an attorney for the dealers,
declined to comment on the ruling.

- Bloomberg News

Also in Business

l  Berkshire Hathawaysaid first-quarter profit doubled as insurance units posted
better underwriting results and Chairman Warren Buffett's derivative bets
improved. Net income climbed to $3.25 billion, or $1,966 a share, from $1.51
billion, or $917 a share, a year earlier, when the company faced claims relating
to the earthquake and tsunami in Japan, Berkshire said Friday in a statement.
Operating earnings, which exclude some investment results, were $1,615 a share,
missing analysts' estimates.

l  A federal bankruptcy judgein Delaware has authorized the Tribune Co. to pay
up to $45 million in bonuses to managers this year. The judge issued an order
Friday in response to the Tribune's request to continue an existing
management-incentive program for some 425 employees. The Tribune sought
bankruptcy protection in 2008 after a leveraged buyout orchestrated by
billionaire developer Sam Zell left it mired in debt.

l  TransCanada, trying to build the disputed Keystone XL pipeline in the United
States, submitted a new application to the State Department for the project
Friday after changing the route to avoid environmentally sensitive land in
Nebraska. State Department approval is needed because the $7 billion pipeline
would cross the U.S. border from western Canada. The department confirmed Friday
that the application for the new route had been received.

l  The Treasury Departmentsaid it will sell more of its shares of common stock
in insurance giant American International Group to recoup more of the support
the government provided AIG in what was the biggest bailout of the 2008
financial crisis. It will be Treasury's third sale of AIG stock. The sale is
expected to raise about $6 billion. AIG said it planned to purchase $2 billion
of the amount put up for sale. The new offering follows Treasury sales of $5.8
billion in AIG common stock in May 2011 and $6 billion in March.

- From news services

Coming Next Week

l  In Sunday Business:The turnaround of a struggling auto-parts maker offers a
window into private equity's trade practices.

l  Coming Monday:Senate resumes consideration of a bill to prevent an interest
rate hike for student loans.

l  Earnings Monday:Avis Budget Group; Dish Network, Dun & Bradstreet, Electronic
Arts, Fannie Mae, Nautilus, Tyson Foods.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             159 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 5, 2012 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 780 words

e-commerce

Groupon stock sinksover accounting woes

Groupon has lost half its value since a November initial public offering amid
concern over its ability to translate growth into profit while rectifying
accounting missteps.

The biggest online coupon company fell 3.3 percent to $9.97, a record low, at
the close Friday in New York. Groupon has slumped 50 percent since its
stock-market debut.

Chief executive Andrew Mason is taking steps to shore up confidence in the
company's ability to account for its business, which centers on the distribution
of coupons for discounts on products and services. In March, Groupon reported a
"material weakness" in financial controls and lower fourth-quarter revenue than
previously stated.

Restatements in the past year underscore the challenges of accounting for a
relatively untested business model. Last year, the company abandoned an
accounting method for operating income after a review by regulators.

Groupon said this week it is adding Daniel Henry, the finance chief of American
Express, and Robert Bass, a vice chairman of Deloitte, to the board,
underscoring a drive to bolster the company's finance and accounting bona fides.

- Bloomberg News

automotive

Ford wins appealin truck dealers' suit

Ford won its bid to overturn a $2 billion verdict and receive a new trial on
claims the automaker overcharged commercial truck dealers for 11 years.

An Ohio appeals court in Cleveland on Thursday rejected the largest judgment
ever against Ford and ruled that the trial judge improperly excluded evidence
that could have helped the company. Dealers can ask the Ohio Supreme Court to
review the ruling, which Ford disclosed Friday in a regulatory filing.

Cuyahoga County Judge Peter J. Corrigan improperly excluded evidence offered by
Ford to defend claims that it broke an agreement to sell trucks at published
prices from 1987 to 1998, the appellate court ruled. The dealers sued Ford in
2002, and in June, Corrigan upheld a $4.5 million jury verdict for a dealer.
Extrapolating from there, he said Ford owed $1.98 billion in damages and
interest to a class of 3,000 dealers.

"We look forward to trying the case before a jury that will be able to consider
all the evidence that was improperly excluded in the first trial," Marcey Evans,
a Ford spokeswoman, said Friday. James Lowe, an attorney for the dealers,
declined to comment on the ruling.

- Bloomberg News

Also in Business

lBerkshire Hathaway said first-quarter profit doubled as insurance units posted
better underwriting results and Chairman Warren Buffett's derivative bets
improved. Net income climbed to $3.25 billion, or $1,966 a share, from $1.51
billion, or $917 a share, a year earlier, when the company faced claims relating
to the earthquake and tsunami in Japan, Berkshire said Friday in a statement.
Operating earnings, which exclude some investment results, were $1,615 a share,
missing analysts' estimates.

lA federal bankruptcy judge in Delaware has authorized the Tribune Co. to pay up
to $45 million in bonuses to managers this year. The judge issued an order
Friday in response to the Tribune's request to continue an existing
management-incentive program for some 425 employees. The Tribune sought
bankruptcy protection in 2008 after a leveraged buyout orchestrated by
billionaire developer Sam Zell left it mired in debt.

lTransCanada, trying to build the disputed Keystone XL pipeline in the United
States, submitted a new application to the State Department for the project
Friday after changing the route to avoid environmentally sensitive land in
Nebraska. State Department approval is needed because the $7 billion pipeline
would cross the U.S. border from western Canada. The department confirmed Friday
that the application for the new route had been received.

lThe Treasury Department said it will sell more of its shares of common stock in
insurance giant American International Group to recoup more of the support the
government provided AIG in what was the biggest bailout of the 2008 financial
crisis. It will be Treasury's third sale of AIG stock. The sale is expected to
raise about $6 billion. AIG said it planned to purchase $2 billion of the amount
put up for sale. The new offering follows Treasury sales of $5.8 billion in AIG
common stock in May 2011 and $6 billion in March.

- From news services

Coming Next Week

lIn Sunday Business: The turnaround of a struggling auto-parts maker offers a
window into private equity's trade practices.

lComing Monday: Senate resumes consideration of a bill to prevent an interest
rate hike for student loans.

lEarnings Monday: Avis Budget Group; Dish Network, Dun & Bradstreet, Electronic
Arts, Fannie Mae, Nautilus, Tyson Foods.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             160 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                         May 4, 2012 Friday 8:12 PM EST

Built Ford tough

BYLINE: Editorial Board

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 595 words


FOR THE FIRST time in seven years, a Wall Street bond-rating firm, Fitch, has
declared Ford Motor Co.'s debt "investment grade." It's the latest achievement
for the only U.S. automaker to need no federal bailout, and there's a lesson in
it - for Europe.          How so? Thus far, the continent's response to its
financial woes has been a frontal attack on budget deficits, not only in deeply
troubled countries such as Italy and Spain but also in financially sound ones,
such as Germany. Indeed, Berlin is pushing a balanced-budget treaty on every
member of the European common currency. As recent events in France and the
Netherlands demonstrate, a backlash against this approach is hurting incumbent
governments even in countries with strong credit ratings. The bond markets are
souring on austerity as well.

Obviously, there's no precise analogy between companies and countries. Broadly,
though, Ford teaches that debt per se is not the issue. What matters is how you
spend what you borrow. In 2006, new chief executive Alan Mulally mortgaged
Ford's worldwide assets - right down to the blue oval trademark - for $23.5
billion. Mr. Mulally used the cash to overhaul Ford's product line and
streamline redundant global operations. The company lost money initially, but
today it's profitable and creditworthy.

Note that Ford's experience does not validate those in Europe, such as the
Socialist favorite in Sunday's French presidential election, Francois Hollande,
who seem to think government spending is inherently pro-growth. Nor does it
support the false hope that European countries can maintain generous
early-retirement packages and bloated public payrolls, paid for with taxes on
the rich and European Central Bank (ECB) money-printing. That sort of thinking
would lead down the path to bankruptcy as taken by General Motors, which also
raised cash in 2006 but spent it propping up superfluous brands.

But the Ford story also undercuts Germany's narrow focus on short-term budget
deficits. Blunt fiscal tightening accounts for most of the policy changes
enacted by Italy and Spain. Unless accompanied by productivity- and
growth-enhancing structural reforms, however, tax increases and spending cuts
mean endless recession. This much-needed overhaul of rigid labor and product
markets has yet to materialize, in part because such reforms are even more
politically difficult to enact - and leaders can offer voters no plausible
short- or medium-term "upside."

Germany cannot just bail out its neighbors unconditionally; its insistence on
fiscal discipline is understandable and, to some extent, necessary. But credit
markets and electorates are signaling that the strategy is yielding diminishing
returns. Berlin must develop a more nuanced program, allowing flexibility on
deficits to those who carry out structural reform.

Indeed, this is a lesson that Germany and the Netherlands should take to heart
themselves; it makes little sense for these highly competitive countries to hold
the line on wages or to tighten their budgets at a time when the euro zone's
periphery could benefit from extra demand in the center for their products. For
all its export-led success, Germany needs to liberalize its internal product and
service markets.

ECB President Mario Draghi has called for a "growth compact" in Europe. German
Chancellor Angela Merkel quickly added that she agreed on the need for growth
"in the form of structural reforms." They weren't more specific than that. But
if Mr. Draghi and Ms. Merkel want advice, they might place a call to Alan
Mulally.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             161 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                               May 4, 2012 Friday
                                Regional Edition

Built Ford tough

BYLINE: Editorial Board

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 592 words


FOR THE FIRST time in seven years, a Wall Street bond-rating firm, Fitch, has
declared Ford Motor Co.'s debt "investment grade." It's the latest achievement
for the only U.S. automaker to need no federal bailout, and there's a lesson in
it - for Europe.

How so? Thus far, the continent's response to its financial woes has been a
frontal attack on budget deficits, not only in deeply troubled countries such as
Italy and Spain but also in financially sound ones, such as Germany. Indeed,
Berlin is pushing a balanced-budget treaty on every member of the European
common currency. As recent events in France and the Netherlands demonstrate, a
backlash against this approach is hurting incumbent governments even in
countries with strong credit ratings. The bond markets are souring on austerity
as well.

Obviously, there's no precise analogy between companies and countries. Broadly,
though, Ford teaches that debt per se is not the issue. What matters is how you
spend what you borrow. In 2006, new chief executive Alan Mulally mortgaged
Ford's worldwide assets - right down to the blue oval trademark - for $23.5
billion. Mr. Mulally used the cash to overhaul Ford's product line and
streamline redundant global operations. The company lost money initially, but
today it's profitable and creditworthy.

Note that Ford's experience does not validate those in Europe, such as the
Socialist favorite in Sunday's French presidential election, Francois Hollande,
who seem to think government spending is inherently pro-growth. Nor does it
support the false hope that European countries can maintain generous
early-retirement packages and bloated public payrolls, paid for with taxes on
the rich and European Central Bank (ECB) money-printing. That sort of thinking
would lead down the path to bankruptcy as taken by General Motors, which also
raised cash in 2006 but spent it propping up superfluous brands.

But the Ford story also undercuts Germany's narrow focus on short-term budget
deficits. Blunt fiscal tightening accounts for most of the policy changes
enacted by Italy and Spain. Unless accompanied by productivity- and
growth-enhancing structural reforms, however, tax increases and spending cuts
mean endless recession. This much-needed overhaul of rigid labor and product
markets has yet to materialize, in part because such reforms are even more
politically difficult to enact - and leaders can offer voters no plausible
short- or medium-term "upside."

Germany cannot just bail out its neighbors unconditionally; its insistence on
fiscal discipline is understandable and, to some extent, necessary. But credit
markets and electorates are signaling that the strategy is yielding diminishing
returns. Berlin must develop a more nuanced program, allowing flexibility on
deficits to those who carry out structural reform.

Indeed, this is a lesson that Germany and the Netherlands should take to heart
themselves; it makes little sense for these highly competitive countries to hold
the line on wages or to tighten their budgets at a time when the euro zone's
periphery could benefit from extra demand in the center for their products. For
all its export-led success, Germany needs to liberalize its internal product and
service markets.

ECB President Mario Draghi has called for a "growth compact" in Europe. German
Chancellor Angela Merkel quickly added that she agreed on the need for growth
"in the form of structural reforms." They weren't more specific than that. But
if Mr. Draghi and Ms. Merkel want advice, they might place a call to Alan
Mulally.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             162 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       May 2, 2012 Wednesday 8:12 PM EST

Rolling out the automotive color wheel

BYLINE: John Kelly

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 724 words


Henry Ford reportedly said of his Model T that customers could have it any color
so long as it was black.

Apocryphal? Well, black-only was certainly the case from 1914 to 1926. But
before and after that Ford's best-selling car came in such colors as red, green,
blue and gray. When demand was at its highest for the Model T, using just one
color allowed Ford to keep his costs down.

The story came to mind after my column last week about car colors - how boring
today's most popular colors are (white, black, silver, gray), along with how
creative some of the names are. (Ultrasonic Blue Mica, anyone?)          Many
readers wrote in to explain why they had chosen a particular color. Alexandria's
Dan O'Daywrote: "There is a perfectly mundane reason to stick with silver, as we
learned from living in the New Mexico desert for four years; of all car colors,
silver shows dirt and dust the least."

Jeff Miller of Mechanicsville, Va., claimed to have empirical evidence to back
up his preference for white cars. When he was in high school, he washed and
waxed the hearse for a funeral home, a black 1959 Cadillac with massive fins and
a painted top. "It took all day and an hour later would be dusty looking," he
wrote. "Next they bought a sedan that was black with a white top. Then they
ordered a station wagon that was supposed to be like the sedan, but by mistake
came in white with a black top. White was so easy to care for and literally can
be quite dirty before it really looks so. So, they started buying all white
vehicles. While I haven't worked for them in over 40 years, I learned my lesson
and still buy white."

Some people said they would like to add some color to their driveway but had a
tough time doing so. In 2005, Springfield's Steve Bestewent looking for a dark
red Honda Civic. The salesman took him to the back lot, where there were more
than 100 Civics.

"Not one of them was anything but drab," Steve wrote. "Certainly none were red.
I had to go to Hagerstown to find one. I put it down to everyone here being too
buttoned-down. But your DuPont statistics were national, so maybe it's not just
us. The salesman said he thought that Honda kept red in the Civic line merely so
they'd have something catchy for the brochures."

Things were different 40 years ago. The first car that Ellen Parkeof Fairfax had
was a 1970 Ford Maverick. The color was Hulla Blue, named after the "Hullabaloo"
TV music show. How "with it" were the colors back then? Here are some other
unusually Maverick options that year:  Anti-Establish Mint, Original Cinnamon,
Freudian Gilt and Thanks Vermilion.

Ted Bojanowskiof Seabrook said that in 1972, all VW Beetles were painted an
unimpressive solid white, blue or brown. "I had just lost my job and my
marriage," Ted wrote. "In order to start a new life, where I lived in southeast
Florida, I painted my white 1969 VW Bug with super bright Dodge Sassafras Green
paint, and then re-painted the rims ruby red. I felt conspicuous for a while
until, a few months later, I started to see VW bugs with fresh paint in all
colors of the rainbow. It just takes one extra snowflake to start the
landslide."

Thanks, Ted.

Is there a color that's saferthan others? Well, a 2007 Australian study said
that white is the safest color and that black cars were involved in a
statistically high number of accidents. Silver wasn't much safer than black.

"Even in good conditions, silver has low contrast with the road environment,"
said the study's lead author, Stuart Newstead of Monash University in Melbourne.
"That lack of visibility is even worse in fading light or cloudy and wet
conditions. Less visibility means less time for other drivers to react to an
impending accident situation, which leads to more crashes and higher severity
crashes for drivers of silver cars."

But a 2003 study in the British Journal of Medicine claimed that silver cars are
50 percent less likely to be involved in an accident.             Peter Gilbert
of Chevy Chase in the District  writes: "My grandfather was certain that a
bright car color would get you a ticket faster than anything else."

Law enforcement officials insist that is not the case. Perhaps Peter can tell us
in a few months. He just bought his first red car this year.

kellyj@washpost.com

To read more columns by John Kelly, go to www.washingtonpost.com/johnkelly.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 2, 2012 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Rolling out the automotive color wheel

BYLINE: John Kelly

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 719 words


Henry Ford reportedly said of his Model T that customers could have it any color
so long as it was black.

Apocryphal? Well, black-only was certainly the case from 1914 to 1926. But
before and after that Ford's best-selling car came in such colors as red, green,
blue and gray. When demand was at its highest for the Model T, using just one
color allowed Ford to keep his costs down.

The story came to mind after my column last week about car colors- how boring
today's most popular colors are (white, black, silver, gray), along with how
creative some of the names are. (Ultrasonic Blue Mica, anyone?)

Many readers wrote in to explain why they had chosen a particular color.
Alexandria's Dan O'Day wrote: "There is a perfectly mundane reason to stick with
silver, as we learned from living in the New Mexico desert for four years; of
all car colors, silver shows dirt and dust the least."

Jeff Miller of Mechanicsville, Va., claimed to have empirical evidence to back
up his preference for white cars. When he was in high school, he washed and
waxed the hearse for a funeral home, a black 1959 Cadillac with massive fins and
a painted top. "It took all day and an hour later would be dusty looking," he
wrote. "Next they bought a sedan that was black with a white top. Then they
ordered a station wagon that was supposed to be like the sedan, but by mistake
came in white with a black top. White was so easy to care for and literally can
be quite dirty before it really looks so. So, they started buying all white
vehicles. While I haven't worked for them in over 40 years, I learned my lesson
and still buy white."

Some people said they would like to add some color to their driveway but had a
tough time doing so. In 2005, Springfield's Steve Beste went looking for a dark
red Honda Civic. The salesman took him to the back lot, where there were more
than 100 Civics.

"Not one of them was anything but drab," Steve wrote. "Certainly none were red.
I had to go to Hagerstown to find one. I put it down to everyone here being too
buttoned-down. But your DuPont statistics were national, so maybe it's not just
us. The salesman said he thought that Honda kept red in the Civic line merely so
they'd have something catchy for the brochures."

Things were different 40 years ago. The first car that Ellen Parke of Fairfax
had was a 1970 Ford Maverick. The color was Hulla Blue, named after the
"Hullabaloo" TV music show. How "with it" were the colors back then? Here are
some other unusually Maverick options that year:  Anti-Establish Mint, Original
Cinnamon, Freudian Gilt and Thanks Vermilion.

Ted Bojanowski of Seabrook said that in 1972, all VW Beetles were painted an
unimpressive solid white, blue or brown. "I had just lost my job and my
marriage," Ted wrote. "In order to start a new life, where I lived in southeast
Florida, I painted my white 1969 VW Bug with super bright Dodge Sassafras Green
paint, and then re-painted the rims ruby red. I felt conspicuous for a while
until, a few months later, I started to see VW bugs with fresh paint in all
colors of the rainbow. It just takes one extra snowflake to start the
landslide."

Thanks, Ted.

Is there a color that's safer than others? Well, a 2007 Australian studysaid
that white is the safest color and that black cars were involved in a
statistically high number of accidents. Silver wasn't much safer than black.

"Even in good conditions, silver has low contrast with the road environment,"
said the study's lead author, Stuart Newstead of Monash University in Melbourne.
"That lack of visibility is even worse in fading light or cloudy and wet
conditions. Less visibility means less time for other drivers to react to an
impending accident situation, which leads to more crashes and higher severity
crashes for drivers of silver cars."

But a 2003 study in the British Journal of Medicine claimed that silver cars are
50 percent less likely to be involved in an accident.

Peter Gilbert of Chevy Chase in the District  writes: "My grandfather was
certain that a bright car color would get you a ticket faster than anything
else."

Law enforcement officials insist that is not the case. Perhaps Peter can tell us
in a few months. He just bought his first red car this year.

kellyj@washpost.com

To read more columns by John Kelly, go to www.washingtonpost.com/johnkelly.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             164 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 2, 2012 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Toyota makes a comeback as U.S. auto sales rise in April

BYLINE: Dee-Ann Durbin;Tom Krisher

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 456 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


DETROIT - Toyota is back. It's putting a year of earthquake-related shortages
behind it and grabbing sales from stumbling General Motors and Ford.

Toyota's sales rose 11.6 percent in April, and its share of the market returned
to levels it hasn't seen since before the March 2011 earthquake in Japan.
Toyota's sales outpaced the industry as a whole, which recorded growth last
month of 2.3 percent, to 1.18 million cars and trucks, according to Autodata.

Toyota's resurgence could mean better deals as its rivals fight for customers by
offering discounts and promotions. Already, Toyota has announced no-interest
financing and other deals in May. It also means better selection for buyers.
Toyota's factories are cranking out popular models that were missing from
showrooms last year when the earthquake and tsunami disrupted production.

Toyota snatched buyers from General Motors, Ford, Honda and Nissan, according to
trade-in data from auto research siteEdmunds.com. Sales fell for all of those
companies  in April. Among those with higher sales was Chrysler, which posted a
20 percent jump.

April started slowly, but sales picked up toward the end of the month. Sales ran
at an annual rate of 14.4 million, making it the fourth straight month in which
the annualized pace has been 14 million or more.

Jeff Schuster, senior vice president of forecasting for the LMC Automotive
consulting firm, said pent-up demand for new cars is driving sales, as the
average age of vehicles on U.S. roads approaches a record 11 years. That demand
continues even after a strong February and March.

"We're in a more pronounced recovery here," he said. GM now expects U.S.
industry-wide sales of 14 million to 14.5 million this year. That's still lower
than the peak of 17 million in 2005, but better than the 2009 downturn, when
10.6 million new vehicles were sold.

High gas prices boosted sales of small cars, as they have all year. But pump
prices appear to have peaked and have fallen 12 cents a gallon in the past
month, to $3.81. That helped boost truck sales last month, which will mean
higher profits for companies. Full-size pickups rose to 10 percent of the market
from 8 percent last year, Ford U.S. sales analyst Erich Merkle said.

While Ford and GM benefited from Toyota's struggles last year, the advantage is
fading.

Ford outsold Toyota by 2,314 vehicles in April. Only one month earlier, it was
outselling Toyota by nearly 20,000 vehicles. GM's lead over Toyota also has
narrowed.

Most of Toyota's growth is coming from buyers who are new to the brand, said Bob
Carter, group vice president of the Toyota division in the United States.

"There's no doubt the Japanese are back in the market," said Don Johnson, GM's
U.S. sales chief.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             165 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       April 29, 2012 Sunday 8:12 PM EST

At Ford's Theatre, a workday that covers four score and nine years

BYLINE: Nelson Pressley

SECTION: ; Pg. E05

LENGTH: 442 words


For Michael Bunce and Stephen F. Schmidt, right now it's all Ford's Theatre all
the time. The actors are doing 18 shows a week there - eight performances of the
nearly three-hour musical "1776," in which Bunce and Schmidt have supporting
roles, and 10 of the 35-minute historical drama "One Destiny," in which they are
the entire cast.          "We're just getting used to it now," Bunce says of the
schedule they've been working for several weeks. He and Schmidt spoke after a
Wednesday morning performance, for a largely full house, of "One Destiny," with
afternoon and evening shows of "1776" to come.

The actors are in their sixth year of "One Destiny," a Ford's-specific play for
tour groups about the impact of Lincoln's assassination on the famous theater.
They've notched their 450th performance this month, and part of the appeal of
this ongoing gig was the freedom to continue acting in "normal" shows at
night.Having that evening show at Ford's can be convenient, though during this
high tourist season it also means getting home near midnight and returning to
the theater around 10 a.m. Luckily, their "1776" roles aren't especially taxing.
Schmidt plays Richard Henry Lee, the Virginian who delivers a sprightly song and
dance early and is out of the show after an hour.

At that point, Schmidt often catches "a little nap" offstage. Says Bunce, "As
many naps as we can get, we take."

Bunce plays Samuel Chase of Maryland, a character who is constantly eating.
Apparently, the food onstage is good, with a nearby eatery supplying "great
English pies," Bunce says.

Keeping tuned up during multi-show days means eating smaller portions more
frequently - a satisfying Italian meal recently was ill-advised, Schmidt reports
- and hitting the gym near Ford's.Staying fresh also means snoozing at a
workplace that encourages it, kind of. Equity cots provided by the theater can
be uncomfortable, and it can be noisy, so Schmidt uses an old sleeping bag.
Bunce says, "The floor is good."

The high season of "A Christmas Carol," sometimes running as often as 10 times a
week at Ford's, creates the same kind of sleep frenzy at the theater. Peek
backstage between shows, Schmidt says, and this is what you'll find: "Doors
closed and lights out."

- Nelson Pressley

1776

Music and lyrics by Sherman Edwards. Book by Peter Stone based on a concept by
Sherman Edwards. Music direction by Jay Crowder. Choreographed by Michael
Bobbitt. Directed by Peter Flynn. Through May 19.

One Destiny

By Richard Hellesen. Directed by Mark Ramont. Through May 19.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             166 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       April 29, 2012 Sunday 8:12 PM EST

Apple hits the jackpot with iPhones in China

SECTION: ; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 1137 words


Apple's quarterly profit nearly doubled - up 94 percent to $11.6 billion - on
voracious demand for the iPhone in China and robust sales of the new iPad. It
sold 35.1 million iPhones, which accounted for 60 percent of its sales. The iPad
made up 20 percent of sales; the iPod, 13 percent and Macs, 7 percent. ¶ CEO Tim
Cook said Apple doesn't intend to follow the lead of Microsoft, which is
introducing an operating system that will run on smartphones, tablets and
personal computers. "You can converge a toaster and a refrigerator, but those
things are probably not going to be pleasing to the user," Cook said.¶ The
company's shares had tumbled since a record close of $636.23 on April 9 amid
reports that indicated a possible shortage in key components for its mobile
devices and showed a decline in iPhone sales at wireless carriers. It closed at
$603 on Friday.

Business

Wal-Mart has been under criminal investigation by the Justice Department over
allegations of widespread bribery in its operations in Mexico.

A former BP drilling engineer,Kurt Mix, was arrested on charges of intentionally
destroying text messages sought by federal authorities as evidence in the wake
of the April 20, 2010, Deepwater Horizon oil spill disaster.

Coca-Cola is seeking its first stock split in 16 years, saying a 2-for-1 split
is in line with its plan to double revenue in this decade. It would increase the
number of its shares to 11.2 billion.

Rupert Murdoch expressed regret for not halting what he called "a coverup" at
his News of the World tabloid over phone hacking.

Federico Buenrostro, former chief executive of the California Public Employees'
Retirement System, was sued by U.S. regulators over claims that he defrauded an
investment firm into paying $20 million in fees to a friend's placement
agencies. The lawsuit is the latest to come from federal and state
investigations of influence-peddling for access to the $2 trillion in U.S.
public retirement funds.

MetLife has agreed to pay nearly $500 million in a multi-state settlement over
allegations that it didn't pay life insurance benefits to policyholders.

News Corp.'s 20th Century Fox, Disney and DreamWorks Animation, among other
major movie studios, have received letters of inquiry from the SEC concerning
their dealings with China, a fast-growing movie market.

Fitch Ratings upgraded Ford Motor to "investment grade," Fitch is the first of
the three major ratings agencies to do so, ending a seven-year period in which
Ford's debt was rated as "junk."

Deals

Nestle, the world's biggest food company, agreed to buy Pfizer's
infant-nutrition unit for $11.9 billion, edging out Danone in a contest for a
business that gets most of its sales in fast-growing emerging markets.

Earnings

Aetna said first-quarter profit dropped 13 percent, to $511 million, short of
Wall Street expectations, as its reserves were not enough to cover earlier
patient claims.

Amazon.com reported that profit was off 35 percent from a year ago - $130
million, down from $201 million - but its revenue jumped 34 percent to $13.18
billion, beating analyst expectations.

AT&Tsaid quarterly profit climbed 5 percent to $3.6 billion, on strong data
sales even as its new monthly contracts were stagnant.

Boeingsaid first-quarter profit climbed 58 percent, to $923 million, beating
analysts' expectations, as sales at its commercial airplane division surged.

Delta Air Lines said its quarterly revenue grew 9 percent, to $8.4 billion, in
its strongest first quarter since 2000.

McClatchyreported a slightly larger net loss Wednesday because of declining
advertising revenue. The owner of the Miami Herald, Sacramento Bee and other
newspapers said it lost $2.1 million in the January-March period.

Netflixposted  its first quarterly loss in seven years.

Lockheed Martin said quarterly profit climbed 20 percent, to $665 million.

Northrop Grumman said quarterly profit was up 2 percent, to $506 million, citing
cost cutting.

PepsiCosaid quarterly profit slipped 0.8 percent to $1.13 billion, citing a jump
in commodity costs. Its earnings grew 4 percent to $12.4 billion as sales were
flat.

Samsungreported a record $51.5 billion quarterly profit, and said it expects
high demand for its new Galaxy smartphone.

Sprint Nextel said quarterly revenue grew 5 percent to $8.73 billion.

Starbucks said quarterly profit was up 19 percent, to $310 million, citing
growing sales in China.

Time Warnersaid quarterly profit climbed 18 percent, to $382 million, as its
broadband business grew.

Xerox reported first-quarter earnings that exceeded analysts' estimates after
companies and governments farmed out more tasks to cut costs.

Zyngasaid quarterly profit was down 90 percent and posted a loss of $85.4
million. It said its costs nearly doubled as it invested in new products.

Economy

U.S. economic growth slowed in the first quarter as GDP expanded at a 2.2
percent annual rate. Economists had projected a 2.5 percent rate.

Ben S. Bernankesaid the Fed would not continue its efforts to spur economic
growth for now, after a meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee.

Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner pressed China to speed reform of its banking
system, citing it as one of the chief ways the country gains an unfair trade
advantage.

Social Security's trust fund is now expected to run dry by 2033, three years
earlier than previously predicted, government forecasts reported.

The head of Greece's central bank,George Provopolous, warned that the country
could be forced to break with the European Union if its politicians don't stick
with promised economic reforms after the May 6 elections, which may end in the
current ruling coalition being voted out.

Washington

The Supreme Court ruled that the Internal Revenue Service has only three years
to impose additional taxes in a tax shelter case, instead of the six years the
government wanted.

The Federal Trade Commissionhas hired a prominent trial lawyer to oversee its
investigation into Google's business practices, signaling the agency is troubled
by what it has discovered so far in its year-old probe.

Transitions

Lockheed Martin,based in Bethesda, said chief executive Robert J. Stevens will
retire and named its president, Christopher E. Kubasik, to succeed him.

- From news services and staff reports

21%rise in ExxonMobil dividend

The oil giant is raising its quarterly dividend to 57 cents from 47 cents in the
first quarter; annual dividend is now $2.28 a share. Exxon will now pay its
shareholders $10.75 billion in dividends a year.

AT&T is second at $10.44 billion. Apple, which restored

its dividend in March, is next

at $9.88 billion.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             167 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 29, 2012 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

At Ford's Theatre, a workday that covers four score and nine years

BYLINE: - Nelson Pressley

SECTION: SUNDAY ARTS; Pg. E05

LENGTH: 421 words


For Michael Bunce and Stephen F. Schmidt, right now it's all Ford's Theatre all
the time. The actors are doing 18 shows a week there - eight performances of the
nearly three-hour musical"1776," in which Bunce and Schmidt have supporting
roles, and 10 of the 35-minute historical drama "One Destiny," in which they are
the entire cast.

"We're just getting used to it now," Bunce says of the schedule they've been
working for several weeks. He and Schmidt spoke after a Wednesday morning
performance, for a largely full house, of "One Destiny," with afternoon and
evening shows of "1776" to come.

The actors are in their sixth year of "One Destiny," a Ford's-specific play for
tour groups about the impact of Lincoln's assassination on the famous theater.
They've notched their 450th performance this month, and part of the appeal of
this ongoing gig was the freedom to continue acting in "normal" shows at night.

Having that evening show at Ford's can be convenient, though during this high
tourist season it also means getting home near midnight and returning to the
theater around 10 a.m. Luckily, their "1776" roles aren't especially taxing.
Schmidt plays Richard Henry Lee, the Virginian who delivers a sprightly song and
dance early and is out of the show after an hour.

At that point, Schmidt often catches "a little nap" offstage. Says Bunce, "As
many naps as we can get, we take."

Bunce plays Samuel Chase of Maryland, a character who is constantly eating.
Apparently, the food onstage is good, with a nearby eatery supplying "great
English pies," Bunce says.

Keeping tuned up during multi-show days means eating smaller portions more
frequently - a satisfying Italian meal recently was ill-advised, Schmidt reports
- and hitting the gym near Ford's.Staying fresh also means snoozing at a
workplace that encourages it, kind of. Equity cots provided by the theater can
be uncomfortable, and it can be noisy, so Schmidt uses an old sleeping bag.
Bunce says, "The floor is good."

The high season of "A Christmas Carol," sometimes running as often as 10 times a
week at Ford's, creates the same kind of sleep frenzy at the theater. Peek
backstage between shows, Schmidt says, and this is what you'll find: "Doors
closed and lights out."

- Nelson Pressley

1776

Music and lyrics by Sherman Edwards. Book by Peter Stone based on a concept by
Sherman Edwards. Music direction by Jay Crowder. Choreographed by Michael
Bobbitt. Directed by Peter Flynn. Through May 19.

One Destiny

By Richard Hellesen. Directed by Mark Ramont. Through May 19.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Montgomery County

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             168 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 29, 2012 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

At Ford's Theatre, a workday that covers four score and nine years

BYLINE: - Nelson Pressley

SECTION: SUNDAY ARTS; Pg. E05

LENGTH: 421 words


For Michael Bunce and Stephen F. Schmidt, right now it's all Ford's Theatre all
the time. The actors are doing 18 shows a week there - eight performances of the
nearly three-hour musical"1776," in which Bunce and Schmidt have supporting
roles, and 10 of the 35-minute historical drama "One Destiny," in which they are
the entire cast.

"We're just getting used to it now," Bunce says of the schedule they've been
working for several weeks. He and Schmidt spoke after a Wednesday morning
performance, for a largely full house, of "One Destiny," with afternoon and
evening shows of "1776" to come.

The actors are in their sixth year of "One Destiny," a Ford's-specific play for
tour groups about the impact of Lincoln's assassination on the famous theater.
They've notched their 450th performance this month, and part of the appeal of
this ongoing gig was the freedom to continue acting in "normal" shows at night.

Having that evening show at Ford's can be convenient, though during this high
tourist season it also means getting home near midnight and returning to the
theater around 10 a.m. Luckily, their "1776" roles aren't especially taxing.
Schmidt plays Richard Henry Lee, the Virginian who delivers a sprightly song and
dance early and is out of the show after an hour.

At that point, Schmidt often catches "a little nap" offstage. Says Bunce, "As
many naps as we can get, we take."

Bunce plays Samuel Chase of Maryland, a character who is constantly eating.
Apparently, the food onstage is good, with a nearby eatery supplying "great
English pies," Bunce says.

Keeping tuned up during multi-show days means eating smaller portions more
frequently - a satisfying Italian meal recently was ill-advised, Schmidt reports
- and hitting the gym near Ford's.Staying fresh also means snoozing at a
workplace that encourages it, kind of. Equity cots provided by the theater can
be uncomfortable, and it can be noisy, so Schmidt uses an old sleeping bag.
Bunce says, "The floor is good."

The high season of "A Christmas Carol," sometimes running as often as 10 times a
week at Ford's, creates the same kind of sleep frenzy at the theater. Peek
backstage between shows, Schmidt says, and this is what you'll find: "Doors
closed and lights out."

- Nelson Pressley

1776

Music and lyrics by Sherman Edwards. Book by Peter Stone based on a concept by
Sherman Edwards. Music direction by Jay Crowder. Choreographed by Michael
Bobbitt. Directed by Peter Flynn. Through May 19.

One Destiny

By Richard Hellesen. Directed by Mark Ramont. Through May 19.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Montgomery County

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             169 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 29, 2012 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Every Edition

Apple hits the jackpot with iPhones in China

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 1102 words


Apple's quarterly profit nearly doubled - up 94 percent to $11.6 billion - on
voracious demand for the iPhone in China and robust sales of the new iPad. It
sold 35.1 million iPhones, which accounted for 60 percent of its sales. The iPad
made up 20 percent of sales; the iPod, 13 percent and Macs, 7 percent. Â¶ CEO
Tim Cook said Apple doesn't intend to follow the lead of Microsoft, which is
introducing an operating system that will run on smartphones, tablets and
personal computers. "You can converge a toaster and a refrigerator, but those
things are probably not going to be pleasing to the user," Cook said.Â¶ The
company's shares had tumbled since a record close of $636.23 on April 9 amid
reports that indicated a possible shortage in key components for its mobile
devices and showed a decline in iPhone sales at wireless carriers. It closed at
$603 on Friday.

Business

Wal-Mart has been under criminal investigation by the Justice Department over
allegations of widespread bribery in its operations in Mexico.

A former BP drilling engineer, Kurt Mix, was arrested on charges of
intentionally destroying text messages sought by federal authorities as evidence
in the wake of the April 20, 2010, Deepwater Horizon oil spill disaster.

Coca-Cola is seeking its first stock split in 16 years, saying a 2-for-1 split
is in line with its plan to double revenue in this decade. It would increase the
number of its shares to 11.2 billion.

Rupert Murdoch expressed regret for not halting what he called "a coverup" at
his News of the World tabloid over phone hacking.

Federico Buenrostro, former chief executive of the California Public Employees'
Retirement System, was sued by U.S. regulators over claims that he defrauded an
investment firm into paying $20 million in fees to a friend's placement
agencies. The lawsuit is the latest to come from federal and state
investigations of influence-peddling for access to the $2 trillion in U.S.
public retirement funds.

MetLife has agreed to pay nearly $500 million in a multi-state settlement over
allegations that it didn't pay life insurance benefits to policyholders.

News Corp.'s 20th Century Fox, Disney and DreamWorks Animation, among other
major movie studios, have received letters of inquiry from the SEC concerning
their dealings with China, a fast-growing movie market.

Fitch Ratings upgraded Ford Motor to "investment grade," Fitch is the first of
the three major ratings agencies to do so, ending a seven-year period in which
Ford's debt was rated as "junk."

Deals

Nestle, the world's biggest food company, agreed to buy Pfizer's
infant-nutrition unit for $11.9 billion, edging out Danone in a contest for a
business that gets most of its sales in fast-growing emerging markets.

Earnings

Aetna said first-quarter profit dropped 13 percent, to $511 million, short of
Wall Street expectations, as its reserves were not enough to cover earlier
patient claims.

Amazon.com reported that profit was off 35 percent from a year ago - $130
million, down from $201 million - but its revenue jumped 34 percent to $13.18
billion, beating analyst expectations.

AT&T said quarterly profit climbed 5 percent to $3.6 billion, on strong data
sales even as its new monthly contracts were stagnant.

Boeing said first-quarter profit climbed 58 percent, to $923 million, beating
analysts' expectations, as sales at its commercial airplane division surged.

Delta Air Lines said its quarterly revenue grew 9 percent, to $8.4 billion, in
its strongest first quarter since 2000.

McClatchy reported a slightly larger net loss Wednesday because of declining
advertising revenue. The owner of the Miami Herald, Sacramento Bee and other
newspapers said it lost $2.1 million in the January-March period.

Netflix posted  its first quarterly loss in seven years.

Lockheed Martin said quarterly profit climbed 20 percent, to $665 million.

Northrop Grumman said quarterly profit was up 2 percent, to $506 million, citing
cost cutting.

PepsiCo said quarterly profit slipped 0.8 percent to $1.13 billion, citing a
jump in commodity costs. Its earnings grew 4 percent to $12.4 billion as sales
were flat.

Samsung reported a record $51.5 billion quarterly profit, and said it expects
high demand for its new Galaxy smartphone.

Sprint Nextel said quarterly revenue grew 5 percent to $8.73 billion.

Starbucks said quarterly profit was up 19 percent, to $310 million, citing
growing sales in China.

Time Warner said quarterly profit climbed 18 percent, to $382 million, as its
broadband business grew.

Xerox reported first-quarter earnings that exceeded analysts' estimates after
companies and governments farmed out more tasks to cut costs.

Zynga said quarterly profit was down 90 percent and posted a loss of $85.4
million. It said its costs nearly doubled as it invested in new products.

Economy

U.S. economic growth slowed in the first quarter as GDP expanded at a 2.2
percent annual rate. Economists had projected a 2.5 percent rate.

Ben S. Bernanke said the Fed would not continue its efforts to spur economic
growth for now, after a meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee.

Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner pressed China to speed reform of its banking
system, citing it as one of the chief ways the country gains an unfair trade
advantage.

Social Security's trust fund is now expected to run dry by 2033, three years
earlier than previously predicted, government forecasts reported.

The head of Greece's central bank, George Provopolous, warned that the country
could be forced to break with the European Union if its politicians don't stick
with promised economic reforms after the May 6 elections, which may end in the
current ruling coalition being voted out.

Washington

The Supreme Court ruled that the Internal Revenue Service has only three years
to impose additional taxes in a tax shelter case, instead of the six years the
government wanted.

The Federal Trade Commission has hired a prominent trial lawyer to oversee its
investigation into Google's business practices, signaling the agency is troubled
by what it has discovered so far in its year-old probe.

Transitions

Lockheed Martin, based in Bethesda, said chief executive Robert J. Stevens will
retire and named its president, Christopher E. Kubasik, to succeed him.

- From news services and staff reports

21%rise in ExxonMobil dividend

The oil giant is raising its quarterly dividend to 57 cents from 47 cents in the
first quarter; annual dividend is now $2.28 a share. Exxon will now pay its
shareholders $10.75 billion in dividends a year.

AT&T is second at $10.44 billion. Apple, which restored

its dividend in March, is next

at $9.88 billion.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

CORRECTION-DATE: May 2, 2012



CORRECTION: An item in the April 29 Business section misstated the record profit
that Samsung reported for the previous quarter. The company earned $5.15
billion, not $51.5 billion.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             170 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      April 28, 2012 Saturday 8:12 PM EST

NASCAR is putting the pedal down on environmental initiatives

BYLINE: Liz Clarke

SECTION: Sports; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 1260 words


RICHMOND - At its essence, NASCAR is an ear-blasting, exhaust-spewing,
gas-guzzling celebration of unbridled horsepower. Its racecars get five miles
per gallon under optimum conditions. And over the course of a 36-race season,
NASCAR's elite Sprint Cup division burns through more than 135,000 gallons of
fuel.          But in a world turned green, NASCAR is waking up to the reality
that American attitudes about automobiles are shifting - from consumers' demands
for better gas mileage to heightened concern about global warming. Lest NASCAR
be relegated to the scrap heap as a pointless spectacle that squanders precious
fossil fuel, the sport in 2008 launched an initiative known as NASCAR Green and,
ever since, has been advocating environmental stewardship - with a straight
face, no less.

The most striking representation of NASCAR's new eco-awareness takes center
stage Saturday night at Richmond International Raceway, where an all-electric
Ford Focus pace car will lead the field of 43 thundering stock cars to the green
flag.

It will be a proud moment for Ford engineers, who get to showcase their latest
breakthrough in energy-efficient vehicles before 90,000 rabid NASCAR fans and a
nationwide FOX viewing audience. (The all-electric Focus, which retails for
$39,995, goes on sale in 16 targeted markets this year, including Richmond and
Washington.)

It will be no less significant for NASCAR, which has made green initiatives a
priority in an effort to position itself as environmentally responsible.

"Green is ubiquitous now in the U.S.," says Mike Lynch, NASCAR's managing
director of Green Innovation. "You can't talk to a school kid or adult of any
age and not have a sense that their green consciousness has shifted. NASCAR is
an opportunity demonstration space for green solutions."

If it weren't for the singsong chime the Focus Electric makes when the starter
is pressed, a driver might not realize that it's on. That's how silent Ford's
first carbon-free passenger car is.

It's friendly, too, displaying images of butterflies on the dash as a reward
when a driver accelerates and brakes gently enough to conserve extra power in
the 600-pound battery that's tucked under the rear seat.

But could this five-door hatchback with neither engine nor tailpipe be the
future of NASCAR-especially when the sound it makes hurtling down Richmond's
backstretch at top speed could be drowned out by a purring cat?

Not next season. Maybe not for another decade. Maybe never.

Third-generation racer Kyle Petty, now a NASCAR analyst with Speed network,
suspects that the car-buying public will decide.

"If you go back to the 1950s and '60s and '70s, the era of muscle cars,
Americans truly, truly had a love affair with the automobile - the styling, the
engine, the sound. They loved that throaty V-8," says Petty, 51, the grandson of
NASCAR's inaugural Daytona 500 winner (Lee Petty), son of seven-time NASCAR
champion Richard Petty and father of a 30-year-old (Austin Petty) who drives a
Prius hybrid.

"In the end, if the consciousness of the country shifts, the sport itself will
have to shift."

Taking small steps

NASCAR hasn't necessarily been known for a forward-thinking approach over its
65-year history. Courtesy of an exemption from Congress, its racecars ran leaded
gasoline until 2007 - more than a decade after the fuel was banned for use in
passenger cars because of harmful health effects.

But NASCAR finally bowed to pressure from the Environmental Protection Agency
and Detroit automakers, who for decades have justified their investment in
stock-car racing with the adage that "what wins on Sunday, sells on Monday."

Nudged by carmakers, NASCAR has continued innovating to reflect the inner
workings of the Fords, Chevys, Dodges and Toyotas on showroom floors. In 2011,
the sport's top three divisions switched to a renewable fuel blended with 15
percent ethanol. And this season NASCAR made the long overdue conversion to
fuel-injected engines, another efficiency-minded measure.

Meantime, NASCAR's major business partners have taken steps to lessen the
environmental impact of races, which draw upward of 100,000 fans and all the
litter they generate.

Goodyear, which supplies the sport's tires, now hauls away used tires to be
shredded and repurposed. Safety-Kleen Systems rounds up and refines spent motor
oil and lubricants, roughly 180,000 gallons worth each year.

In the grandstands, infield and track grounds, NASCAR boasts what it claims is
the largest recycling program in sports, with more than 1,000 tons of cardboard,
plastic bottles and cans put to other use.

And in honor of Earth Day last Sunday, Miss Sprint Cup, the sport's official
beauty queen, wore a green fire suit at Kansas Speedway to show her concern for
the environment.

Cause for ridicule?

No doubt, "environmentally conscious auto racing" strikes many as the biggest
oxymoron in sports.

But NASCAR's efforts draw praise from Allen Hershkowitz, a senior scientist with
the National Resources Defense Council, who has advised Major League Baseball,
the NBA and the NHL, among others, on green initiatives.

"One could take a cynical attitude toward this, and many do, saying, 'How can
you green NASCAR? They burn fossil fuel as their activity!' " Hershkowitz says.
"But outside the family, the most influential role models are athlete and
entertainers. And the embrace by NASCAR of environmentalism has an important
cultural impact.

"The environmental problems we face are not all being caused by NASCAR; they're
being caused by millions of businesses every day. NASCAR is saying, 'We're going
to make our contribution.' We have to celebrate what NASCAR is doing: using its
cultural visibility to message environmentalism."

Would fans still watch?

Blanketing the infield with recycling bins on race weekends is one way NASCAR is
doing that. Using its racetracks to showcase the performance capability of
all-electric cars like the Ford Focus is another.

But it's an entirely different proposition to stage a NASCAR race in which
gas-sipping hybrids or all-electric vehicles compete.

If that's the future, could NASCAR actually sell racing that makes no noise and
burns no fuel? Would its legion of fans leap to their feet and pump their fists
with the same passion if Dale Earnhardt Jr. in a Chevy Volt snatched the lead
from Denny Hamlin in a Toyota Prius or Carl Edwards in a battery-powered Ford?

Before that experiment can be held, Detroit's top engineers must figure out how
to wring more speed from electric cars, reduce the battery's size and weight and
extend its life.

The Electric Focus that will pace Saturday's race has a top speed of 84 mph
(plenty fast for the pace car's job but well shy of the 130 mph NASCAR's top
drivers will run). And to complete the 300-mile race, the Focus would have to
stop for three battery changes, given its current range of 76 miles.

But Petty maintains that such a race could be worth paying to see - "as long,"
he adds, "as those cars are out there running three-wide, nose-to-tail down the
straightaway."

Edwards, for one, is on board for whatever NASCAR's future holds.

"Race car drivers will race anything," said Edwards, 32, edged by Tony Stewart
for last year's NASCAR championship in a thrilling season finale. "If there are
electric cars, we'll race electric cars. If there are no electric cars, we'll
race bicycles. If there aren't any bicycles, we'll have a foot race.

"You never know what we'll be racing in 20 years. But I guarantee you, we'll be
racing."

clarkel@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             171 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      April 28, 2012 Saturday 8:12 PM EST

SECTION: A section; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 839 words


cellphones          S&P downgrades Nokia after losses

Standard and Poor's on Friday downgraded Nokia's credit rating by one notch and
warned that it may reduce it again unless the company's performance improves.

The rating agency said it was lowering the Finnish company's long-term corporate
credit rating to BB+ from BBB- and its short-term corporate credit rating to B
from A-3.

The downgrade came after Nokia posted huge first-quarter losses and a 30 percent
drop in sales, and after a report Friday estimated that Samsung Electronics had
overtaken Nokia as the world's largest maker of mobile phones.

"We now expect Nokia to report significantly lower margins and cash flows in
2012 than we had previously expected," S&P said. "The outlook is negative,
reflecting the possibility of a further downgrade if Nokia fails to stabilize
revenues and margins and significantly cut its cash losses."

Nokia's chief financial officer, Timo Ihamuotila, said the company was in
transition, a year after it teamed up with Microsoft to incorporate Windows
software in its new handsets.

Last week, Nokia blamed tough competition for a $1.2 billion net loss as sales
plunged, especially in the smartphone market. It said it expects no improvement
in the second quarter.

Boston-based Strategy Analytics said Friday that Samsung surpassed Nokia as the
world's largest seller of cellphones by volume, grabbing a 25 percent global
market share against Nokia's 22 percent.

The agency's report also said that Samsung had overtaken Apple as the largest
maker of smartphones, selling 44.5 million units compared with Apple's 35
million. Nokia dropped to third place with under 12 million sold in the quarter,
Strategy Analytics said.

Fitch ratings agency recently downgraded Nokia to junk status, while Moody's has
cut it to near junk status.

- Associated Press

Also in Business

l  Procter & Gamblesaid it is rolling back some price increases and focusing on
introducing new products in developed markets as the world's largest
consumerproduct maker seeks to reignite market share growth. The
Cincinnati-based company said its overall market share slipped 0.2 points,
including a decline of 0.6 points in North America, which has seen stagnant
growth. P&G said net income fell 16 percent to $2.41 billion during the
January-to-March quarter. That compares with $2.87 billion last year.

l  Ford'snet income fell 45 percent to $1.4 billion in the first quarter. Ford
took a beating from plummeting European sales and weaker results in Asia and
South America. It also started paying more in taxes. North America came to the
rescue, with a $2.1 billion profit, its best first-quarter performance since
Ford began reporting the region separately in 2000.

l  Salmonellaconcerns have prompted Missouri-based Diamond Pet Foods to recall a
second batch of dry dog food produced at a South Carolina plant. Production at
the plant was suspended after an earlier recall this month. A statement Thursday
said the latest recall includes one production run of the company's Chicken Soup
for the Pet Lover's Soul Adult Light Formula dry dog food. The company said one
bag tested positive for salmonella, and the recall is being conducted as a
precautionary measure. No dog illnesses have been reported. The product was
distributed in Virginia and nine other states.

l  Zyngachief executive officer Mark Pincus received a compensation package
valued at $1.7 million in 2011, most of it in the form of a home security system
and related expenses. Zynga said in a regulatory filing Friday that it spent
$1.2 million on the one-time purchase and installation of a security system for
Pincus and his family. Zynga, which went public in December, paid its CEO a base
salary of $300,000. Pincus, 46, also received a bonus of $3,750. The filing says
that Pincus also owns about 94.6 million shares of Zynga's stock. Based on
Friday's closing price, that's worth about $806 million.

l  An asbestos lawsuitthat once resulted in a $322 million verdict for a
Mississippi man has turned in favor of the company he sued. Thomas Brown's
lawyers had called last year's verdict the largest asbestos award for a single
plaintiff in U.S. history. But it wasn't long before the Mississippi Supreme
Court removed the Smith County judge, saying he did not disclose that his
parents were involved in similar asbestos litigation. A new judge threw out the
verdict and ordered another trial. The lawsuit was moved to Jones County, where
a jury on Wednesday ruled in favor of Union Carbide. Brown claimed he contracted
asbestosis after inhaling asbestos dust while mixing drilling mud manufactured
by Union Carbide.

- From news services

Coming Today

l  In Sunday Business:As signs of the Occupy Wall Street movement fade, a small
minority of wonks has doubled down on policy work behind the scenes.

l  Coming Monday:Personal income report, 8:30 a.m. Earnings: Denny's, Humana,
Plum Creek Timber, Texas Roadhouse.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             172 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 28, 2012 Saturday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Met 2 Edition

NASCAR is putting the pedal down on environmental initiatives

BYLINE: Liz Clarke

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 1248 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND


RICHMOND - At its essence,NASCARis an ear-blasting, exhaust-spewing,
gas-guzzling celebration of unbridled horsepower. Its racecars get five miles
per gallon under optimum conditions. And over the course of a 36-race season,
NASCAR's elite Sprint Cup division burns through more than 135,000 gallons of
fuel.

But in a world turned green, NASCAR is waking up to the reality that American
attitudes about automobiles are shifting - from consumers' demands for better
gas mileage to heightened concern about global warming. Lest NASCAR be relegated
to the scrap heap as a pointless spectacle that squanders precious fossil fuel,
the sport in 2008 launched an initiative known as NASCAR Green and, ever since,
has been advocating environmental stewardship - with a straight face, no less.

The most striking representation of NASCAR's new eco-awareness takes center
stage Saturday night at Richmond International Raceway, where an all-electric
Ford Focus pace car will lead the field of 43 thundering stock cars to the green
flag.

It will be a proud moment for Ford engineers, who get to showcase their latest
breakthrough in energy-efficient vehicles before 90,000 rabid NASCAR fans and a
nationwide FOX viewing audience. (The all-electric Focus, which retails for
$39,995, goes on sale in 16 targeted markets this year, including Richmond and
Washington.)

It will be no less significant for NASCAR, which has made green initiatives a
priority in an effort to position itself as environmentally responsible.

"Green is ubiquitous now in the U.S.," says Mike Lynch, NASCAR's managing
director of Green Innovation. "You can't talk to a school kid or adult of any
age and not have a sense that their green consciousness has shifted. NASCAR is
an opportunity demonstration space for green solutions."

If it weren't for the singsong chime the Focus Electric makes when the starter
is pressed, a driver might not realize that it's on. That's how silent Ford's
first carbon-free passenger car is.

It's friendly, too, displaying images of butterflies on the dash as a reward
when a driver accelerates and brakes gently enough to conserve extra power in
the 600-pound battery that's tucked under the rear seat.

But could this five-door hatchback with neither engine nor tailpipe be the
future of NASCAR-especially when the sound it makes hurtling down Richmond's
backstretch at top speed could be drowned out by a purring cat?

Not next season. Maybe not for another decade. Maybe never.

Third-generation racer Kyle Petty, now a NASCAR analyst with Speed network,
suspects that the car-buying public will decide.

"If you go back to the 1950s and '60s and '70s, the era of muscle cars,
Americans truly, truly had a love affair with the automobile - the styling, the
engine, the sound. They loved that throaty V-8," says Petty, 51, the grandson of
NASCAR's inaugural Daytona 500 winner (Lee Petty), son of seven-time NASCAR
champion Richard Petty and father of a 30-year-old (Austin Petty) who drives a
Prius hybrid.

"In the end, if the consciousness of the country shifts, the sport itself will
have to shift."

Taking small steps

NASCAR hasn't necessarily been known for a forward-thinking approach over its
65-year history. Courtesy of an exemption from Congress, its racecars ran leaded
gasoline until 2007 - more than a decade after the fuel was banned for use in
passenger cars because of harmful health effects.

But NASCAR finally bowed to pressure from the Environmental Protection Agency
and Detroit automakers, who for decades have justified their investment in
stock-car racing with the adage that "what wins on Sunday, sells on Monday."

Nudged by carmakers, NASCAR has continued innovating to reflect the inner
workings of the Fords, Chevys, Dodges and Toyotas on showroom floors. In 2011,
the sport's top three divisions switched to a renewable fuel blended with 15
percent ethanol. And this season NASCAR made the long overdue conversion to
fuel-injected engines, another efficiency-minded measure.

Meantime, NASCAR's major business partners have taken steps to lessen the
environmental impact of races, which draw upward of 100,000 fans and all the
litter they generate.

Goodyear, which supplies the sport's tires, now hauls away used tires to be
shredded and repurposed. Safety-Kleen Systems rounds up and refines spent motor
oil and lubricants, roughly 180,000 gallons worth each year.

In the grandstands, infield and track grounds, NASCAR boasts what it claims is
the largest recycling program in sports, with more than 1,000 tons of cardboard,
plastic bottles and cans put to other use.

And in honor of Earth Day last Sunday, Miss Sprint Cup, the sport's official
beauty queen, wore a green fire suit at Kansas Speedway to show her concern for
the environment.

Cause for ridicule?

No doubt, "environmentally conscious auto racing" strikes many as the biggest
oxymoron in sports.

But NASCAR's efforts draw praise from Allen Hershkowitz, a senior scientist with
the National Resources Defense Council, who has advised Major League Baseball,
the NBA and the NHL, among others, on green initiatives.

"One could take a cynical attitude toward this, and many do, saying, 'How can
you green NASCAR? They burn fossil fuel as their activity!' " Hershkowitz says.
"But outside the family, the most influential role models are athlete and
entertainers. And the embrace by NASCAR of environmentalism has an important
cultural impact.

"The environmental problems we face are not all being caused by NASCAR; they're
being caused by millions of businesses every day. NASCAR is saying, 'We're going
to make our contribution.' We have to celebrate what NASCAR is doing: using its
cultural visibility to message environmentalism."

Would fans still watch?

Blanketing the infield with recycling bins on race weekends is one way NASCAR is
doing that. Using its racetracks to showcase the performance capability of
all-electric cars like the Ford Focus is another.

But it's an entirely different proposition to stage a NASCAR race in which
gas-sipping hybrids or all-electric vehicles compete.

If that's the future, could NASCAR actually sell racing that makes no noise and
burns no fuel? Would its legion of fans leap to their feet and pump their fists
with the same passion if Dale Earnhardt Jr. in a Chevy Volt snatched the lead
from Denny Hamlin in a Toyota Prius or Carl Edwards in a battery-powered Ford?

Before that experiment can be held, Detroit's top engineers must figure out how
to wring more speed from electric cars, reduce the battery's size and weight and
extend its life.

The Electric Focus that will pace Saturday's race has a top speed of 84 mph
(plenty fast for the pace car's job but well shy of the 130 mph NASCAR's top
drivers will run). And to complete the 300-mile race, the Focus would have to
stop for three battery changes, given its current range of 76 miles.

But Petty maintains that such a race could be worth paying to see - "as long,"
he adds, "as those cars are out there running three-wide, nose-to-tail down the
straightaway."

Edwards, for one, is on board for whatever NASCAR's future holds.

"Race car drivers will race anything," said Edwards, 32, edged by Tony Stewart
for last year's NASCAR championship in a thrilling season finale. "If there are
electric cars, we'll race electric cars. If there are no electric cars, we'll
race bicycles. If there aren't any bicycles, we'll have a foot race.

"You never know what we'll be racing in 20 years. But I guarantee you, we'll be
racing."

clarkel@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

CORRECTION-DATE: May 3, 2012



CORRECTION: An April 28 Sports article about NASCAR's environmental initiatives
misstated the name of an organization. It is the Natural Resources Defense
Council, not the National Resources Defense Council.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             173 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       April 16, 2012 Monday 8:12 PM EST

Companies keeping close tabs on Rosetta Stone lawsuit against Google

BYLINE: Catherine Ho

SECTION: ; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 749 words


A lawsuit pits the world's most popular search site against an Arlington
software company synonymous with language learning.

But Rosetta Stone v. Google, which was given the green light to move forward by
the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals last week, has become bigger than the sum of
its parts, drawing widespread attention from the local and international
business community. Some of the world's most recognizable companies in jewelry
(Tiffany & Co.), autos (Ford Motor Co.), insurance (Geico) and sports (the
National Football League) are keeping tabs on the outcome of the case. In all,
33 companies, trade associations, professional sports leagues and nonprofits
filed briefs with the court in support of Rosetta Stone, including several with
local ties:           Carfax, Centreville.

The Media Institute, D.C.

Business Software Alliance, D.C.

Geico, Chevy Chase.

The Association for Competitive Technology, D.C.

Volunteers of America, Alexandria.

Why? They're all worried about having their trademarks used online by
competitors or counterfeiters without their permission. That is the basis of
Rosetta Stone's trademark infringement suit against Google, in which the
language learning firm accuses the search giant of selling trademarked phrases
like "Rosetta Stone" and "language library" to third-party companies that make
copycat software. The Google advertising program, AdWords, allows third parties
to buy keywords that generate sponsored links when someone types the phrases in
an online search. In some cases, those links take consumers to Web sites selling
copycat software, misleading them to think those products are genuine Rosetta
Stone software, the company claimed.

The case had been dismissed in 2010 by the U.S. District Court for the Eastern
District of Virginia, but last week's ruling reversed the bulk of that decision,
meaning it can now proceed to trial in federal court. Rosetta Stone's outside
counsel, Cliff Sloan of Skadden Arps, called the ruling an "important
precedent."          Although several companies have lodged similar complaints
against Google, this is the first time a court of appeals has established that a
company can bring a trademark infringement case against Google on the basis that
the sponsored links are confusing to consumers. Some trademark experts said it
could open the door for more companies to sue Google on the same grounds (a
prediction Google declined to comment on), and that the outcome of the Rosetta
Stone case could affect virtually every company that sells goods or services to
the public and is trying to protect its brand against counterfeiters.

"The case has ramifications for every business out there," said Brad Newberg, a
Falls Church attorney at Reed Smith who represents several companies supporting
Rosetta Stone, including 1-800 Contacts and PetMed Express. "So many consumers
find Web sites by going to a search engine and entering the brand name ... If
the most prominent results that come up when the trademark is [searched] are
advertisements for infringers or counterfeiters, that is detrimental to the
business as a whole."

Google had argued that consumers were not confused because they can tell the
difference between sponsored links and regular search results. A Google
spokesperson added that Google users benefit from being able to choose from a
variety of competing advertisers.

"We think that the legitimate use of trademarks as keyword triggers helps
consumers to make more informed choices," the company said. "For what remains of
the case, we're confident we will prevail on both the merits and the law."

In Google's corner are several heavyweights. Yahoo, eBay, consumer advocacy
group Public Citizen and digital rights advocacy groups Electronic Frontier
Foundation and Public Knowledge have filed briefs in support of the Internet
company, saying most people don't confuse paid advertisements with search
results, and that keyword advertising encourages competition and the free flow
of information to users.

Earlier this month, another court of appeals revived a copyright infringement
lawsuit against Google's video-sharing site YouTube. In the suit, Viacom accused
YouTube of violating Viacom's copyrights by allowing users to post clips from TV
shows without Viacom's permission. A lower court had tossed the case, saying
YouTube was shielded from liability because it removed the unauthorized posts
when notified. Now, the matter is heading back to the trial court.

hoc@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             174 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 16, 2012 Monday
                                 Every Edition

Companies keeping close tabs on Rosetta Stone lawsuit against Google

BYLINE: Catherine Ho

SECTION: Pg. A14

LENGTH: 743 words


A lawsuit pits the world's most popular search site against an Arlington
software company synonymous with language learning.

But Rosetta Stone v. Google, which was given the green light to move forward by
the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals last week, has become bigger than the sum of
its parts, drawing widespread attention from the local and international
business community. Some of the world's most recognizable companies in jewelry
(Tiffany & Co.), autos (Ford Motor Co.), insurance (Geico) and sports (the
National Football League) are keeping tabs on the outcome of the case. In all,
33 companies, trade associations, professional sports leagues and nonprofits
filed briefs with the court in support of Rosetta Stone, including several with
local ties:

Carfax, Centreville.

The Media Institute, D.C.

Business Software Alliance, D.C.

Geico, Chevy Chase.

The Association for Competitive Technology, D.C.

Volunteers of America, Alexandria.

Why? They're all worried about having their trademarks used online by
competitors or counterfeiters without their permission. That is the basis of
Rosetta Stone's trademark infringement suit against Google, in which the
language learning firm accuses the search giant of selling trademarked phrases
like "Rosetta Stone" and "language library" to third-party companies that make
copycat software. The Google advertising program, AdWords, allows third parties
to buy keywords that generate sponsored links when someone types the phrases in
an online search. In some cases, those links take consumers to Web sites selling
copycat software, misleading them to think those products are genuine Rosetta
Stone software, the company claimed.

The case had been dismissed in 2010 by the U.S. District Court for the Eastern
District of Virginia, but last week's ruling reversed the bulk of that decision,
meaning it can now proceed to trial in federal court. Rosetta Stone's outside
counsel, Cliff Sloan of Skadden Arps, called the ruling an "important
precedent."

Although several companies have lodged similar complaints against Google, this
is the first time a court of appeals has established that a company can bring a
trademark infringement case against Google on the basis that the sponsored links
are confusing to consumers. Some trademark experts said it could open the door
for more companies to sue Google on the same grounds (a prediction Google
declined to comment on), and that the outcome of the Rosetta Stone case could
affect virtually every company that sells goods or services to the public and is
trying to protect its brand against counterfeiters.

"The case has ramifications for every business out there," said Brad Newberg, a
Falls Church attorney at Reed Smith who represents several companies supporting
Rosetta Stone, including 1-800 Contacts and PetMed Express. "So many consumers
find Web sites by going to a search engine and entering the brand name ... If
the most prominent results that come up when the trademark is [searched] are
advertisements for infringers or counterfeiters, that is detrimental to the
business as a whole."

Google had argued that consumers were not confused because they can tell the
difference between sponsored links and regular search results. A Google
spokesperson added that Google users benefit from being able to choose from a
variety of competing advertisers.

"We think that the legitimate use of trademarks as keyword triggers helps
consumers to make more informed choices," the company said. "For what remains of
the case, we're confident we will prevail on both the merits and the law."

In Google's corner are several heavyweights. Yahoo, eBay, consumer advocacy
group Public Citizen and digital rights advocacy groups Electronic Frontier
Foundation and Public Knowledge have filed briefs in support of the Internet
company, saying most people don't confuse paid advertisements with search
results, and that keyword advertising encourages competition and the free flow
of information to users.

Earlier this month, another court of appeals revived a copyright infringement
lawsuit against Google's video-sharing site YouTube. In the suit, Viacom accused
YouTube of violating Viacom's copyrights by allowing users to post clips from TV
shows without Viacom's permission. A lower court had tossed the case, saying
YouTube was shielded from liability because it removed the unauthorized posts
when notified. Now, the matter is heading back to the trial court.

hoc@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             175 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        April 8, 2012 Sunday 8:12 PM EST

Syrian forces make late assault

BYLINE: Alice Fordham

SECTION: A section; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 490 words


BEIRUT - Syrian forces killed dozens of people in fierce fighting across the
country Saturday, with some activist groups reporting more than 100 dead, just
three days before a deadline set by a U.N. peace plan for troops to withdraw
from urban areas.

Representatives of activist groups near the city of Hama described an attack on
the nearby town of Latameneh, where demonstrations have been held since the
beginning of the year-long uprising against President Bashar al-Assad's rule.

More than 70 people died in the assault, including five members of the loosely
organized group known as the Free Syrian Army, according to a member of the
Syrian Revolution General Command who uses the nom de guerre Abo Adnan.
Other opposition groups reported dozens of people were killed elsewhere,
including armed opponents of the government and members of the security forces.
None of the accounts could be verified because Syria restricts journalists'
access.

The violence continued despite Syria's agreement almost a week ago to implement
a plan proposed by Kofi Annan, the joint U.N.-Arab League envoy to Syria, that
requires troops to withdraw from towns by April 10 and calls for more access for
humanitarian groups.

The U.S. ambassador to Syria, Robert Ford, who has left the country for security
reasons, issued a statement Friday saying that the United States and the Friends
of Syria group of nations sympathetic to the opposition are "closely monitoring
whether these required actions [of the agreement] are occurring or not."

Ford posted satellite images on the embassy's Facebook page that he said showed
places where armored vehicles and artillery units had been moved out of
inhabited areas but remained close enough to fire on civilians. Two such places,
he said, were Zabadani and Homs, both of which have a strong opposition
presence.          "The regime and the Syrian people should know that we are
watching," Ford's statement said. "The regime cannot hide the truth."

Syrian state media reported that government officials have written to the United
Nations asserting that terrorist groups and al-Qaeda "elements" have also
stepped up operations since Annan's plan was endorsed.

Last week, the International Committee of the Red Cross, whose operations have
been limited, renegotiated its relationship with the Syrian government in a
possible step toward fulfilling the requirement that aid organizations be able
to work in Syria. A spokesman for the group said that a daily two-hour
humanitarian cease-fire "was part of the discussion" but struck a cautious note,
saying that the group would wait to see "what materializes."

"We are more determined than ever to see an end to this crisis," said Ahmad
Fawzi, a spokesman for Annan, in a telephone interview. "I hope all the players
will rise to this occasion and understand that it's time to stop killing and
start talking."

fordhama@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             176 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              April 8, 2012 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

Syrian forces make late assault

BYLINE: Alice Fordham

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 481 words

DATELINE: BEIRUT


BEIRUT - Syrian forces killed dozens of people in fierce fighting across the
country Saturday, with some activist groups reporting more than 100 dead, just
three days before a deadline set by a U.N. peace plan for troops to withdraw
from urban areas.

Representatives of activist groups near the city of Hama described an attack on
the nearby town of Latameneh, where demonstrations have been held since the
beginning of the year-long uprising against President Bashar al-Assad's rule.

More than 70 people died in the assault, including five members of the loosely
organized group known as the Free Syrian Army, according to a member of the
Syrian Revolution General Command who uses the nom de guerre Abo Adnan.

Other opposition groups reported dozens of people were killed elsewhere,
including armed opponents of the government and members of the security forces.
None of the accounts could be verified because Syria restricts journalists'
access.

The violence continued despite Syria's agreement almost a week ago to implement
a plan proposed by Kofi Annan, the joint U.N.-Arab League envoy to Syria, that
requires troops to withdraw from towns by April 10 and calls for more access for
humanitarian groups.

The U.S. ambassador to Syria, Robert Ford, who has left the country for security
reasons, issued a statement Friday saying that the United States and the Friends
of Syria group of nations sympathetic to the opposition are "closely monitoring
whether these required actions [of the agreement] are occurring or not."

Ford posted satellite images on the embassy's Facebook page that he said showed
places where armored vehicles and artillery units had been moved out of
inhabited areas but remained close enough to fire on civilians. Two such places,
he said, were Zabadani and Homs, both of which have a strong opposition
presence.

"The regime and the Syrian people should know that we are watching," Ford's
statement said. "The regime cannot hide the truth."

Syrian state media reported that government officials have written to the United
Nations asserting that terrorist groups and al-Qaeda "elements" have also
stepped up operations since Annan's plan was endorsed.

Last week, the International Committee of the Red Cross, whose operations have
been limited, renegotiated its relationship with the Syrian government in a
possible step toward fulfilling the requirement that aid organizations be able
to work in Syria. A spokesman for the group said that a daily two-hour
humanitarian cease-fire "was part of the discussion" but struck a cautious note,
saying that the group would wait to see "what materializes."

"We are more determined than ever to see an end to this crisis," said Ahmad
Fawzi, a spokesman for Annan, in a telephone interview. "I hope all the players
will rise to this occasion and understand that it's time to stop killing and
start talking."

fordhama@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             177 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       March 19, 2012 Monday 8:12 PM EST

U.S. automakers step on gas in race for India's market

BYLINE: Simon Denyer

SECTION: A section; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1262 words


SANAND, India - On a baking-hot plain in western India, Ford is preparing the
ground for one of its biggest investments in Asia, a $1 billion car assembly and
engine plant designed to more than double its manufacturing capacity here.

As U.S. automakers get back on their feet after the global financial crisis,
companies such as Ford and General Motors are looking for growth and investment
opportunities worldwide. Few destinations appear more attractive than India, and
perhaps no other place in India is more appealing than an emerging auto hub in
the western state of Gujarat.

"We don't get many chances to make an investment of this magnitude," said Joe
Hinrichs, president of Ford Asia Pacific and Africa. "It's a bet on India's
future, and a bet on Ford's future in the country and the region."

With the West's economies sluggish and car markets there saturated, and with
China's explosive growth beginning to taper off, India offers a mouth-watering
alternative.

Passenger car sales grew 137 percent in the past six years, but there are still
only about 13 cars per 1,000 people in this country of 1.2 billion, compared
with 35 or 40 in China and more than 800 in the United States.

India is the world's sixth-largest car market and is expected to take third
place behind China and the United States by the end of the decade, the
management consulting firm McKinsey and Co. predicts, with annual sales growth
of 12 to 14 percent from 2014 to 2020. That would bring sales of cars and
sport-utility vehicles to more than 6 million vehicles and penetration of cars
per 1,000 people to the sort of levels currently seen in China.

Ford has been a little slow to the party, perhaps because it had neither the
financial resources nor the products to target the Indian market aggressively
five years earlier.

Despite opening an assembly plant in the southern city of Chennai in 1998,
Ford's market share is just 3 percent here, compared with 17 percent in the
United States and 10 percent in Brazil. But as new, smaller models such as the
Figo make inroads into the Indian market, the company is confident that it can
make up lost ground.This new focus on India has required something of a
philosophical shift for America's big auto manufacturers, a post-downturn
realization that the old ways of doing business no longer guarantee success,
said Michael Dunne, president of Dunne and Co., a Hong-Kong based investment
advisory firm specializing in Asia's car markets.

In the past, U.S. carmakers tended to launch products in emerging markets that
were successful in Europe "and anticipate that customers will trade up to the
higher price level," Dunne said.

"That has worked in other car markets, but it didn't work in India, which is
quite price-sensitive. They have now realized, 'We've got to go to the market,
we can't wait for the market to come to us.' "

That means smaller, cheaper cars and taking the battle to more-established Asian
operators such as Toyota and Hyundai. It means adapting faster than ever before
to rapidly changing tastes. But the potential rewards mean that this is a battle
that American carmakers can no longer avoid.

'Dramatic growth phase'

A decade of breakneck economic growth and a fast-expanding middle class are
bringing India close to a "tipping point," when incomes in towns and smaller
cities across the country reach the threshold at which car sales typically
explode.

That should happen by the middle of this decade, Ford's Hinrichs said, and
"that's when we expect another dramatic growth phase."

Environmentalists warn of the prospect of millions more cars on India's roads,
especially in cities with some of the worst air quality in Asia. Nor is it easy
to imagine how those roads will cope, congested as they already are with
motorcycles, scooters, bicycles, three-wheeler auto rickshaws, ox carts, trucks
and vans.

But even if infrastructure investment fails to keep pace with demand and
congestion worsens, car ownership in India, just like in China, is becoming an
important status symbol for an aspiring middle class.

To take advantage, General Motors set up a car factory near the western city of
Pune, close to Mumbai, in 2008 and is expanding its plant at Halol in Gujarat,
just a few hours' drive from the site of Ford's new factory at Sanand. It, too,
is launching products for local tastes, such as the seven-seater Chevrolet
Enjoy, aimed at bigger Indian families, and the Chevrolet Sail, both designed in
China with the company's joint-venture partner there.

Although high interest rates flattened India's car market here last year, the
company is equally bullish about the medium term.

Three brands dominate the Indian market - Maruti Suzuki, Toyota and the
homegrown Tata Motors account for roughly 70 percent of passenger car sales -
but GM, like Ford, thinks it can significantly raise its market share from the
roughly 4 percent it has now.

"We've made a very strong commitment to India," said Lowell Paddock, the
company's India president and managing director. "There is so little growth in a
lot of the developed world that markets like India, even though they may be
growing less strongly than in the past, are still more attractive."

'The auto hub' of India

Much of the new investment in India's car industry is arriving on the shores of
Gujarat, a state run by business-friendly but polarizing Chief Minister Narendra
Modi.

Modi was denied a visa to travel to the United States in 2005 over allegations
that he turned a blind eye to or even actively encouraged riots in 2002 in which
more than 1,100 people, almost all of them Muslims, died. But Ford said the
incident had no bearing on its decision.

"We don't make a political statement one way or the other, we're making a
business investment," Hinrichs said. "These are multi-decade manufacturing
facilities that last beyond any politician's career or any individual's career
in business as well."

Tata Motors is already in Gujarat, manufacturing the world's cheapest car, the
Nano, on a site bordering Ford's. French automaker PSA Peugeot Citroen announced
last year that it would build a plant in Sanand, while Maruti Suzuki also plans
to follow.

Gujarat is one of India's richest and fastest-growing states, and Ford and GM
talk enthusiastically about the investor-friendly conditions there, the stable
policy environment, the lack of corruption and the tremendous infrastructure,
including uninterrupted power supply, great roads and access to ports for
export.

Indeed, Modi makes no bones about his desire to turn Gujarat into "the auto hub"
of India with consistent, pro-business policies.

"As a state, we are competing with China in the manufacturing sector," he said.
"There is no red tape-ism, only the red carpet."

GM India's vice president for corporate affairs, P. Balendran, speaks glowingly
of governance in Gujarat and says Modi gives foreign investors his personal
attention. Riots occur all over India, Balendran said. "It is only a temporary
aberration, and this being a temporary aberration, it does not impact any of the
investors."

denyers@washpost.com

More world news coverage:

- Mexico's middle class becoming its majority          - Russian TV attack draws
angry protests; 100 arrested

- U.S. soldier accused in Afghan killings under emotional, financial strain
- Read more headlines from around the world

India offers mouth-watering alternative

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


        Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             178 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 19, 2012 Monday
                              Correction Appended
                                Suburban Edition

U.S. automakers step on gas in race for India's market

BYLINE: Simon Denyer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1346 words

DATELINE: SANAND, INDIA


SANAND, India - On a baking-hot plain in western India, Ford is preparing the
ground for one of its biggest investments in Asia, a $1 billion car assembly and
engine plant designed to more than double its manufacturing capacity here.

As U.S. automakers get back on their feet after the global financial crisis,
companies such as Ford and General Motors are looking for growth and investment
opportunities worldwide. Few destinations appear more attractive than India, and
perhaps no other place in India is more appealing than an emerging auto hub in
the western state of Gujarat.

"We don't get many chances to make an investment of this magnitude," said Joe
Hinrichs, president of Ford Asia Pacific and Africa. "It's a bet on India's
future, and a bet on Ford's future in the country and the region."

With the West's economies sluggish and car markets there saturated, and with
China's explosive growth beginning to taper off, India offers a mouth-watering
alternative.

Passenger car sales grew 137 percent in the past six years, but there are still
only about 13 cars per 1,000 people in this country of 1.2 billion, compared
with 35 or 40 in China and more than 800 in the United States.

India is the world's sixth-largest car market and is expected to take third
place behind China and the United States by the end of the decade, the
management consulting firm McKinsey and Co.
predictshttp://www.kpmg.de/docs/Auto_survey.pdf-URL-http://www.kpmg.de/docs/Auto
_survey.pdf, with annual sales growth of 12 to 14 percent from 2014 to 2020.
That would bring sales of cars and sport-utility vehicles to more than 6 million
vehicles and penetration of cars per 1,000 people to the sort of levels
currently seen in China.

Ford has been a little slow to the party, perhaps because it had neither the
financial resources nor the products to target the Indian market aggressively
five years earlier.

Despite opening an assembly plant in the southern city of Chennai in 1998,
Ford's market share is just 3 percent here, compared with 17 percent in the
United States and 10 percent in Brazil. But as new, smaller models such as the
Figo make inroads into the Indian market,
http://www.india.ford.com/about/media/newsroom?article=1248935311141-URL-the
company is confident that it can make up lost ground.

This new focus on India has required something of a philosophical shift for
America's big auto manufacturers, a post-downturn realization that the old ways
of doing business no longer guarantee success, said Michael Dunne, president of
Dunne and Co., a Hong-Kong based investment advisory firm specializing in Asia's
car markets.

In the past, U.S. carmakers tended to launch products in emerging markets that
were successful in Europe "and anticipate that customers will trade up to the
higher price level," Dunne said.

"That has worked in other car markets, but it didn't work in India, which is
quite price-sensitive. They have now realized, 'We've got to go to the market,
we can't wait for the market to come to us.' "

That means smaller, cheaper cars and taking the battle to more-established Asian
operators such as Toyota and Hyundai. It means adapting faster than ever before
to rapidly changing tastes. But the potential rewards mean that this is a battle
that American carmakers can no longer avoid.

'Dramatic growth phase'

A decade of breakneck economic growth and a fast-expanding middle class are
bringing India close to a "tipping point," when incomes in towns and smaller
cities across the country reach the threshold at which car sales typically
explode.

That should happen by the middle of this decade, Ford's Hinrichs said, and
"that's when we expect another dramatic growth phase."

Environmentalists warn of the prospect of millions more cars on India's roads,
especially in cities with some of the worst air quality in Asia. Nor is it easy
to imagine how those roads will cope, congested as they already are with
motorcycles, scooters, bicycles, three-wheeler auto rickshaws, ox carts, trucks
and vans.

But even if infrastructure investment fails to keep pace with demand and
congestion worsens, car ownership in India, just like in China, is becoming an
important status symbol for an aspiring middle class.

To take advantage, General Motors set up a car factory near the western city of
Pune, close to Mumbai, in 2008 and is expanding its plant at Halol in Gujarat,
just a few hours' drive from the site of Ford's new factory at Sanand. It, too,
is launching products for local tastes, such as the seven-seater Chevrolet
Enjoy, aimed at bigger Indian families, and the Chevrolet Sail, both designed in
China with the company's joint-venture partner there.

Although high interest rates flattened India's car market here last year, the
company is equally bullish about the medium term.

Three brands dominate the Indian market - Maruti Suzuki, Toyota and the
homegrown Tata Motors account for roughly 70 percent of passenger car sales -
but GM, like Ford, thinks it can significantly raise its market share from the
roughly 4 percent it has now.

"We've made a very strong commitment to India," said Lowell Paddock, the
company's India president and managing director. "There is so little growth in a
lot of the developed world that markets like India, even though they may be
growing less strongly than in the past, are still more attractive."

'The auto hub' of India

Much of the new investment in India's car industry is arriving on the shores of
Gujarat, a state run by business-friendly but polarizing Chief Minister Narendra
Modi.

Modi was denied a visa to travel to the United States in 2005 over allegations
that he turned a blind eye to or even actively encouraged
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/12/27/AR2010122704455.
html-URL-riots in 2002 in which more than 1,100 people, almost all of them
Muslims, died. But Ford said the incident had no bearing on its decision.

"We don't make a political statement one way or the other, we're making a
business investment," Hinrichs said. "These are multi-decade manufacturing
facilities that last beyond any politician's career or any individual's career
in business as well."

Tata Motors is already in Gujarat, manufacturing the world's cheapest car, the
Nano, on a site bordering Ford's. French automaker PSA Peugeot Citroen announced
last year that it would build a plant in Sanand, while Maruti Suzuki also plans
to follow.

Gujarat is one of India's richest and fastest-growing states, and Ford and GM
talk enthusiastically about the investor-friendly conditions there, the stable
policy environment, the lack of corruption and the tremendous infrastructure,
including uninterrupted power supply, great roads and access to ports for
export.

Indeed, Modi makes no bones about his desire to turn Gujarat into "the auto hub"
of India with consistent, pro-business policies.

"As a state, we are competing with China in the manufacturing sector," he said.
"There is no red tape-ism, only the red carpet."

GM India's vice president for corporate affairs, P. Balendran, speaks glowingly
of governance in Gujarat and says Modi gives foreign investors his personal
attention. Riots occur all over India, Balendran said. "It is only a temporary
aberration, and this being a temporary aberration, it does not impact any of the
investors."

denyers@washpost.com

More world news coverage:

-
http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/mexicos-middle-class-is-becoming-its-majorit
y/2012/03/14/gIQA9R0KJS_story.html-URL-Mexico's middle class becoming its
majority

-
http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/russian-tv-attack-draws-angry-protest
s/2012/03/18/gIQA80PmKS_story.html-URL-Russian TV attack draws angry protests;
100 arrested

-
http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/afghan-rampage-suspect-rob
ert-bales-was-a-soldier-strained-by-deployments/2012/03/17/gIQAwmRSJS_story.html
-URL-U.S. soldier accused in Afghan killings under emotional, financial strain

- http://www.washingtonpost.com/world" title="www.washingtonpost.com-URL-Read
more headlines from around the world

India offers mouth-watering alternative

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

CORRECTION-DATE: March 21, 2012



CORRECTION: A March 19 Page One article about auto sales in India incorrectly
listed Toyota instead of Hyundai as one of the three automakers that dominate
the Indian market. Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors and Hyundai account for around 70
percent of passenger-car sales in India.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             179 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     February 25, 2012 Saturday 8:12 PM EST

Critics of Romney hear echo in Detroit

BYLINE: Philip Rucker

SECTION: A section; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1070 words


DETROIT - Friday was supposed to be the moment for Mitt Romney's triumphant
return to his birthplace, when he would use the cavernous Ford Field to deliver
a policy address that established him as the lone Republican capable of both
fixing the economy and beating President Obama.

But the event served up fresh evidence for Romney critics who say he can't rise
to the occasion and rally important elements of the GOP around his candidacy.

The lunchtime speech was delivered from the 30-yard line before 1,200 suited-up
business leaders in folding chairs, in a stadium that usually holds 65,000. And
his address to members of the Detroit Economic Club contained ideas the former
Massachusetts governor has spelled out before.

One new tidbit came when Romney strayed from his prepared remarks to note that
he has four cars, including his wife's "couple of Cadillacs" - casually
reminding voters in this economically depressed state of his wealth.

Romney was trying to show that he was gaining the upper hand in a contentious
battle with Rick Santorum going into Tuesday's Michigan primary. Santorum laid
out his agenda for his first 100 days in office during an evening campaign stop
in Michigan before jetting to Tennessee, a sign that he is also looking ahead to
the following week's Super Tuesday contests.

But at a moment when Romney wanted to project bigness and command, the optics of
Ford Field did not help.

Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette, Romney's state campaign chairman, told
reporters that Romney "lit up the house at Ford Field."

Even Romney would probably not agree with that conclusion. He began his speech
by warning his audience that it would be heavy on policy. "This is not exciting
and barnburning, but it's important," he said. The crowd's polite applause was
lost in the silence that filled the massive indoor stadium.

Campaign officials said they were not responsible for the selection of Ford
Field, and one adviser said he was "frustrated" that the speech was given in
such a huge venue.

"I guess we had a hard time finding a large-enough place to meet - and this
certainly is," Romney said.

Some Republicans thought it was a bit too large.

"The pictures of an empty Ford Field are not helping Romney," tweeted
conservative radio host Laura Ingraham. "Poor staging and tepid response from
hometown crowd."

And this was Rush Limbaugh's response on the air Friday: "Oh, look. Romney said
his wife drives a couple of Cadillacs. . . . That's how you relate to the people
in Detroit."

Democrats tweaked Romney for his showing all day. Obama campaign spokesman Ben
LaBolt tweeted, "Romney speaks to empty stadium at monument to industry he would
have let go," while Democratic National Committee spokesman Brad Woodhouse
e-mailed reporters a photo under the subject line, "They Just Can't Get Enough
of Mitt."

The Detroit Economic Club arranged the event and sold tickets for it ($45 for
members; $75 for non-members), and when two indoor venues sold out quickly, club
officials moved the speech to Ford Field.

Beth Chappell, president and chief executive of the Detroit Economic Club, said
in a statement: "The original plan was to host the Romney meeting in the atrium,
which is where we host DEC meetings when at Ford Field. During our walk through
with the security team there were further issues raised due to the size of the
crowd so we moved the event to the field."

As Romney wrapped up his remarks at Ford Field, he said, "This feels good, being
back in Michigan," and then reprised a riff that earned him mockery last week.

"You know, the trees are the right height," he said. "The streets are just
right. I like the fact that most of the cars I see are Detroit-made automobiles.
I drive a Mustang and a Chevy pickup truck. Ann drives a couple of Cadillacs,
actually."

The Cadillac SRX, the luxury crossover vehicle Ann Romney drives - she keeps one
at their San Diego beach house and a second at their Massachusetts residence -
is Detroit-designed but assembled in Mexico. Its starting price is about
$35,000.

According to the latest polls, Santorum's lead has disappeared heading into
Tuesday's Michigan primary, and the Romney campaign has become increasingly
confident about its prospects.

In his 23-minute speech, Romney detailed many of the policies he had already
proposed to overhaul the tax code, curb spending, and address problems with
Medicare and Social Security. He added a few new details about some federal
programs he would shift to the states, such as food stamps and housing, and
rehashed his plan to lower individual income taxes for everyone by 20 percent.

"We have not seen a failure to communicate," Romney said of Obama. "We've seen a
failure to lead, and that's why I'm running for president. I want to restore
America's promise." Romney frequently veered off the prepared text on his
teleprompters - themselves a no-no among many Republicans who regularly chide
Obama for using them. Once Romney said, "I love cars," and later he noted that
he would be a president "who, by the way, likes cars."

Outside, a couple hundred members of the United Auto Workers rallied in the
sleet to protest Romney's criticism of the auto bailout. On the roof of a nearby
parking garage, the workers placed signs bearing letters on the windshields of
American cars that spelled out: "Romney: Let Detroit Go Bankrupt" - a reference
to a 2008 opinion piece Romney wrote opposing the federal bailout.

Romney said Friday that he wants Detroit to become the "Motor City of the world"
and added that the fate of General Motors should be "determined by the demands
of the marketplace, not the preferences of bureaucrats in Washington."

About an hour after the speech, Romney stopped by the Mitt, a new restaurant
named for Michigan's nickname - the state looks like a mitten on a map. Romney
expressed delight at discovering something, anything, that shares his name.

"I've almost never met anyone with my name," he said. "Maybe two people in the
entire country have told me their name is Mitt - and that's over a lifetime of
listening for someone to say they've named their kid Mitt. Somehow that name
just did not catch."

But on a day filled with less-than-ideal imagery, here, too, was another
example: T-shirts for sale that said "Mitt Happens." Romney, who walked by the
hanging shirts as he left the restaurant, chose not to buy one.

ruckerp@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


        Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             180 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 25, 2012 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Critics of Romney hear echo in Detroit

BYLINE: Philip Rucker

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1061 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


DETROIT - Friday was supposed to be the moment forMitt Romney's triumphant
return to his birthplace, when he would use the cavernous Ford Field to deliver
a policy address that established him as the lone Republican capable of both
fixing the economy and beating President Obama.

But the event served up fresh evidence for Romney critics who say he can't rise
to the occasion and rally important elements of the GOP around his candidacy.

The lunchtime speech was delivered from the 30-yard line before 1,200 suited-up
business leaders in folding chairs, in a stadium that usually holds 65,000. And
his address to members of the Detroit Economic Club contained ideas the former
Massachusetts governor has spelled out before.

One new tidbit came when Romney strayed from his prepared remarks to note that
he has four cars, including his wife's "couple of Cadillacs" - casually
reminding voters in this economically depressed state of his wealth.

Romney was trying to show that he was gaining the upper hand in a contentious
battle with Rick Santorum going into Tuesday's Michigan primary. Santorum laid
out his agenda for his first 100 days in office during an evening campaign stop
in Michigan before jetting to Tennessee, a sign that he is also looking ahead to
the following week's Super Tuesday contests.

But at a moment when Romney wanted to project bigness and command, the optics of
Ford Field did not help.

Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette, Romney's state campaign chairman, told
reporters that Romney "lit up the house at Ford Field."

Even Romney would probably not agree with that conclusion. He began his speech
by warning his audience that it would be heavy on policy. "This is not exciting
and barnburning, but it's important," he said. The crowd's polite applause was
lost in the silence that filled the massive indoor stadium.

Campaign officials said they were not responsible for the selection of Ford
Field, and one adviser said he was "frustrated" that the speech was given in
such a huge venue.

"I guess we had a hard time finding a large-enough place to meet - and this
certainly is," Romney said.

Some Republicans thought it was a bit too large.

"The pictures of an empty Ford Field are not helping Romney," tweeted
conservative radio host Laura Ingraham. "Poor staging and tepid response from
hometown crowd."

And this was Rush Limbaugh's response on the air Friday: "Oh, look. Romney said
his wife drives a couple of Cadillacs. . . . That's how you relate to the people
in Detroit."

Democrats tweaked Romney for his showing all day. Obama campaign spokesman Ben
LaBolt tweeted, "Romney speaks to empty stadium at monument to industry he would
have let go," while Democratic National Committee spokesman Brad Woodhouse
e-mailed reporters a photo under the subject line, "They Just Can't Get Enough
of Mitt."

The Detroit Economic Club arranged the event and sold tickets for it ($45 for
members; $75 for non-members), and when two indoor venues sold out quickly, club
officials moved the speech to Ford Field.

Beth Chappell, president and chief executive of the Detroit Economic Club, said
in a statement: "The original plan was to host the Romney meeting in the atrium,
which is where we host DEC meetings when at Ford Field. During our walk through
with the security team there were further issues raised due to the size of the
crowd so we moved the event to the field."

As Romney wrapped up his remarks at Ford Field, he said, "This feels good, being
back in Michigan," and then reprised a riff that earned him mockery last week.

"You know, the trees are the right height," he said. "The streets are just
right. I like the fact that most of the cars I see are Detroit-made automobiles.
I drive a Mustang and a Chevy pickup truck. Ann drives a couple of Cadillacs,
actually."

The Cadillac SRX, the luxury crossover vehicle Ann Romney drives - she keeps one
at their San Diego beach house and a second at their Massachusetts residence -
is Detroit-designed but assembled in Mexico. Its starting price is about
$35,000.

According to the latest polls, Santorum's lead has disappeared heading into
Tuesday's Michigan primary, and the Romney campaign has become increasingly
confident about its prospects.

In his 23-minute speech, Romney detailed many of the policies he had already
proposed to overhaul the tax code, curb spending, and address problems with
Medicare and Social Security. He added a few new details about some federal
programs he would shift to the states, such as food stamps and housing, and
rehashed his plan to lower individual income taxes for everyone by 20 percent.

"We have not seen a failure to communicate," Romney said of Obama. "We've seen a
failure to lead, and that's why I'm running for president. I want to restore
America's promise." Romney frequently veered off the prepared text on his
teleprompters - themselves a no-no among many Republicans who regularly chide
Obama for using them. Once Romney said, "I love cars," and later he noted that
he would be a president "who, by the way, likes cars."

Outside, a couple hundred members of the United Auto Workers rallied in the
sleet to protest Romney's criticism of the auto bailout. On the roof of a nearby
parking garage, the workers placed signs bearing letters on the windshields of
American cars that spelled out: "Romney: Let Detroit Go Bankrupt" - a reference
to a 2008 opinion piece Romney wrote opposing the federal bailout.

Romney said Friday that he wants Detroit to become the "Motor City of the world"
and added that the fate of General Motors should be "determined by the demands
of the marketplace, not the preferences of bureaucrats in Washington."

About an hour after the speech, Romney stopped by the Mitt, a new restaurant
named for Michigan's nickname - the state looks like a mitten on a map. Romney
expressed delight at discovering something, anything, that shares his name.

"I've almost never met anyone with my name," he said. "Maybe two people in the
entire country have told me their name is Mitt - and that's over a lifetime of
listening for someone to say they've named their kid Mitt. Somehow that name
just did not catch."

But on a day filled with less-than-ideal imagery, here, too, was another
example: T-shirts for sale that said "Mitt Happens." Romney, who walked by the
hanging shirts as he left the restaurant, chose not to buy one.

ruckerp@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             181 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     February 16, 2012 Thursday 8:12 PM EST

Funding the defense needs of tomorrow, today

BYLINE: Walter Pincus

SECTION: A section; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 1022 words


Congress is looking at today's threats, debating the reductions found in
President Obama's defense budget requests for next year, and probably not
thinking about the world in 2022. That's when the impact of some of its
decisions will be felt.

I am thinking specifically about Navy shipbuilding and the nation's nuclear
carrier fleet. Carriers are interesting because they take 10 years to build,
another two to three years in shakedown cruises before they become operational -
and then they last up to 50 years.

What will the threats be over that period of time? How many of these $12 billion
fighting machines does the United States need? Does the carrier fleet get sized
for peacetime or for war? Does their mere presence in an area deter war? Are the
president and Congress taking a long-enough view in making their decisions?

At Monday's Senate Armed Services Committee hearing, Defense Secretary Leon E.
Panetta said of the proposed fiscal 2013 budget: "We've maintained the 11
carriers in the Navy in order to ensure that we have sufficient forward
presence. There's nothing like a carrier to be able to allow for quick
deployment. . . . And that'll give us a great capacity to be able to show our
force structure in the Pacific."

But as Navy experts say, you need that number just to keep one in the Indian
Ocean, another in the Western Pacific, and enough in reserve for contingencies,
such as today's need to keep two available for South Asia/Middle East use. The
general standard for carriers is seven months on station and 25 months at home
port or dry dock.

The nuclear ones also must have their power generators refueled. For example,
the new budget contains $1.6 billion to refuel the reactor of the USS Abraham
Lincoln, which just days ago passed through the Strait of Hormuz after weeks in
the Persian Gulf aiding in the Afghan war. Refueling beginning in the next 12
months will keep the Lincoln out of action for a year.

The new fiscal 2013 budget contains no money for CVN78, the USS Gerald R. Ford,
although the Navy has identified the need for another $881 million for cost
overruns in what has become a $12.3 billion ship. Its funding began in 2001, and
money to pay off the overruns has been pushed into the fiscal 2014 and 2015
budgets.

The first of a new class of nuclear-powered carriers, the Ford is projected to
save money in the long run by having a new reactor power plant that requires 50
percent fewer people to run it while generating far more electricity than the
previous class of nuclear carriers. Overall, including the flight crews, the
Ford will have some 3,800 personnel. That's almost 1,200 less than the current
carriers.

Of course, the Ford has had its problems. It became a test bed for new equipment
and construction techniques. Along with the new power-generating nuclear
reactor, the Ford will have a new electromagnetic catapult-launching system and
a new phased-array radar to replace five radars on the earlier carriers.

The catapult-launching system had to be built and then tested on land, since
there was no ship deck built that could handle it. Those tests are ongoing at a
site in Lakehurst, N.J., while parts of the finished system have begun to be
installed in the Ford, which is being built at the Huntington Ingalls shipyard
at Newport News, Va.

The electromagnetic system, which has taken a decade to develop, will permit
controlled acceleration and stoppage when launching aircraft.

The Ford - more than 50 percent complete, with some 4,000 employees working on
it - is being put together much like a Lego set. Modules are put together
elsewhere then brought to the ship. There will be some 500 of them, each one
thoroughly tested after being connected to existing wiring and other systems.

A December report by the Defense Department's Director, Operational Test and
Evaluation office raised a number of issues that still need fixing, including
software related to the ship's self-defense capability and its new phased-array
radar. Another issue was completing a "manning construct," a detailed
examination of the crew size needed to operate the carrier. Since the Ford is to
be able to increase the number of sorties launched per day to some 160, about 30
percent more than current carriers, the manning structure is considered crucial.

The Ford is expected to be in the water by the summer of 2013. At that time what
is called a pre-commissioning unit will be put together and a prospective
commanding officer assigned. Their job in part will be to put together the crew,
which will grow until shortly before the ship construction is completed and the
ship is delivered for commissioning. That is now expected in 2015, though it
could slip. After the Navy takes over there will be further testing with the
Navy crew and fixes made before a real shakedown cruise takes place.

Meanwhile, the process for the next carrier, CVN79, the USS John F. Kennedy, has
been underway since 2007. Some $2 billion has already been spent on the
Kennedy's design and research and development. The fiscal 2013 budget has $781
million for it, $173.5 million for more research and development and $608.2
million in procurement funds. The Kennedy has already slipped, and prospects are
it will not be received by the Navy until 2019 - and thus not operational until
perhaps 2022.

Navy shipbuilding, as you can see, is a complex and costly process. Panetta told
the Senate committee Monday and the House Armed Services Committee on Tuesday
that we have 285 Navy ships today and will have the same number five years from
now. The new goal is getting to 300 by the end of 2022. I doubt it, but more
important, why will we need 300 ships in 2022 if the ones we keep building are
so much more effective than the ones we had in the past?

pincusw@washpost.com

More national security coverage:

- Chinese blocked visit by U.S. religious freedom envoy, advocates say

- Efforts lag to improve care for National Guard members

- U.S. shippers watch for progress on Panama canal project

- Read more national security news

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


        Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             182 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Funding the defense needs of tomorrow, today

BYLINE: Walter Pincus

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 1005 words


Congress is looking at today's threats, debating the reductions found in
President Obama's defense budget requests for next year, and probably not
thinking about the world in 2022. That's when the impact of some of its
decisions will be felt.

I am thinking specifically about Navy shipbuilding and the nation's nuclear
carrier fleet. Carriers are interesting because they take 10 years to build,
another two to three years in shakedown cruises before they become operational -
and then they last up to 50 years.

What will the threats be over that period of time? How many of these $12 billion
fighting machines does the United States need? Does the carrier fleet get sized
for peacetime or for war? Does their mere presence in an area deter war? Are the
president and Congress taking a long-enough view in making their decisions?

At Monday's Senate Armed Services Committee hearing, Defense Secretary Leon E.
Panetta said of the proposed fiscal 2013 budget: "We've maintained the 11
carriers in the Navy in order to ensure that we have sufficient forward
presence. There's nothing like a carrier to be able to allow for quick
deployment. . . . And that'll give us a great capacity to be able to show our
force structure in the Pacific."

But as Navy experts say, you need that number just to keep one in the Indian
Ocean, another in the Western Pacific, and enough in reserve for contingencies,
such as today's need to keep two available for South Asia/Middle East use. The
general standard for carriers is seven months on station and 25 months at home
port or dry dock.

The nuclear ones also must have their power generators refueled. For example,
the new budget contains $1.6 billion to refuel the reactor of the USS Abraham
Lincoln, which just days ago passed through the Strait of Hormuz after weeks in
the Persian Gulf aiding in the Afghan war. Refueling beginning in the next 12
months will keep the Lincoln out of action for a year.

The new fiscal 2013 budget contains no money for CVN78, the USS Gerald R. Ford,
although the Navy has identified the need for another $881 million for cost
overruns in what has become a $12.3 billion ship. Its funding began in 2001, and
money to pay off the overruns has been pushed into the fiscal 2014 and 2015
budgets.

The first of a new class of nuclear-powered carriers, the Ford is projected to
save money in the long run by having a new reactor power plant that requires 50
percent fewer people to run it while generating far more electricity than the
previous class of nuclear carriers. Overall, including the flight crews, the
Ford will have some 3,800 personnel. That's almost 1,200 less than the current
carriers.

Of course, the Ford has had its problems. It became a test bed for new equipment
and construction techniques. Along with the new power-generating nuclear
reactor, the Ford will have a new electromagnetic catapult-launching system and
a new phased-array radar to replace five radars on the earlier carriers.

The catapult-launching system had to be built and then tested on land, since
there was no ship deck built that could handle it. Those tests are ongoing at a
site in Lakehurst, N.J., while parts of the finished system have begun to be
installed in the Ford, which is being built at the Huntington Ingalls shipyard
at Newport News, Va.

The electromagnetic system, which has taken a decade to develop, will permit
controlled acceleration and stoppage when launching aircraft.

The Ford - more than 50 percent complete, with some 4,000 employees working on
it - is being put together much like a Lego set. Modules are put together
elsewhere then brought to the ship. There will be some 500 of them, each one
thoroughly tested after being connected to existing wiring and other systems.

A December report by the Defense Department's Director, Operational Test and
Evaluation office raised a number of issues that still need fixing, including
software related to the ship's self-defense capability and its new phased-array
radar. Another issue was completing a "manning construct," a detailed
examination of the crew size needed to operate the carrier. Since the Ford is to
be able to increase the number of sorties launched per day to some 160, about 30
percent more than current carriers, the manning structure is considered crucial.

The Ford is expected to be in the water by the summer of 2013. At that time what
is called a pre-commissioning unit will be put together and a prospective
commanding officer assigned. Their job in part will be to put together the crew,
which will grow until shortly before the ship construction is completed and the
ship is delivered for commissioning. That is now expected in 2015, though it
could slip. After the Navy takes over there will be further testing with the
Navy crew and fixes made before a real shakedown cruise takes place.

Meanwhile, the process for the next carrier, CVN79, the USS John F. Kennedy, has
been underway since 2007. Some $2 billion has already been spent on the
Kennedy's design and research and development. The fiscal 2013 budget has $781
million for it, $173.5 million for more research and development and $608.2
million in procurement funds. The Kennedy has already slipped, and prospects are
it will not be received by the Navy until 2019 - and thus not operational until
perhaps 2022.

Navy shipbuilding, as you can see, is a complex and costly process. Panetta told
the Senate committee Monday and the House Armed Services Committee on Tuesday
that we have 285 Navy ships today and will have the same number five years from
now. The new goal is getting to 300 by the end of 2022. I doubt it, but more
important, why will we need 300 ships in 2022 if the ones we keep building are
so much more effective than the ones we had in the past?

pincusw@washpost.com

More national security coverage:

- Chinese blocked visit by U.S. religious freedom envoy, advocates say

- Efforts lag to improve care for National Guard members

- U.S. shippers watch for progress on Panama canal project

- Read more national security news

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             183 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      February 10, 2012 Friday 8:12 PM EST

Changes at the top at Ford renew speculation about next CEO

BYLINE: Dee-Ann Durbin;Tom Krisher

SECTION: A section; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 380 words


DETROIT - Two of the architects behind Ford's remarkable turnaround are
retiring, and their departures have intensified the guessing game over who will
become the next chief executive.

For now, CEO Alan Mulally isn't going anywhere. The energetic, 66-year-old
Kansan is considered a hero for bringing the company back from financial
disaster. He insisted on Thursday that he'll continue to lead Ford.

But the retirements of two top lieutenants - the chief financial officer, Lewis
Booth, and the product development chief, Derrick Kuzak - on April 1 remove two
of the five inside contenders for the CEO job. Their departures have renewed
water-cooler talk about who takes over for Mulally.

Both men helped turn the company around after it borrowed billions in 2006 to
stay in business. Kuzak, 60, got Ford to shift from being primarily a truck
company to making more cars. Booth, 63, led the company's financial operations
through the banking crisis.

Mulally named their replacements Thursday and promised that Ford's success will
continue as it follows the plan that led it to prosperity.

"Nothing's changing about the way we operate," said Mulally, whose company last
month reported its third straight annual profit.

Company insiders say the leading candidates to succeed Mulally are now Americas
President Mark Fields, Asia Pacific and Africa President Joe Hinrichs and Ford
of Europe CEO Stephen Odell. There's a slim chance Ford would look outside, but
Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr., whose family controls the company, has
repeatedly pointed to a strong bench.

President and controller Bob Shanks, 59, will become CFO. Vice President of
Engineering and Product Development Raj Nair, 47, will replace Kuzak. Mulally
said the promotions were part of the company's succession plan for every top
management position, including his own.

One of the appointments seemed to point to Fields as the next chief executive.

Shanks is a close ally of Fields. They worked together in the early 2000s at
Mazda, which Ford once ran, and at Ford's European division. When Fields became
president of the Americas division in 2005, Shanks became the region's
controller. He also worked on the restructuring plans that eventually saved the
company.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


        Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             184 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      February 10, 2012 Friday 8:12 PM EST

Changes at the top at Ford renew speculation about next CEO

BYLINE: Dee-Ann Durbin;Tom Krisher

SECTION: A section; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 380 words


DETROIT - Two of the architects behind Ford's remarkable turnaround are
retiring, and their departures have intensified the guessing game over who will
become the next chief executive.

For now, CEO Alan Mulally isn't going anywhere. The energetic, 66-year-old
Kansan is considered a hero for bringing the company back from financial
disaster. He insisted on Thursday that he'll continue to lead Ford.

But the retirements of two top lieutenants - the chief financial officer, Lewis
Booth, and the product development chief, Derrick Kuzak - on April 1 remove two
of the five inside contenders for the CEO job. Their departures have renewed
water-cooler talk about who takes over for Mulally.

Both men helped turn the company around after it borrowed billions in 2006 to
stay in business. Kuzak, 60, got Ford to shift from being primarily a truck
company to making more cars. Booth, 63, led the company's financial operations
through the banking crisis.

Mulally named their replacements Thursday and promised that Ford's success will
continue as it follows the plan that led it to prosperity.

"Nothing's changing about the way we operate," said Mulally, whose company last
month reported its third straight annual profit.

Company insiders say the leading candidates to succeed Mulally are now Americas
President Mark Fields, Asia Pacific and Africa President Joe Hinrichs and Ford
of Europe CEO Stephen Odell. There's a slim chance Ford would look outside, but
Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr., whose family controls the company, has
repeatedly pointed to a strong bench.

President and controller Bob Shanks, 59, will become CFO. Vice President of
Engineering and Product Development Raj Nair, 47, will replace Kuzak. Mulally
said the promotions were part of the company's succession plan for every top
management position, including his own.

One of the appointments seemed to point to Fields as the next chief executive.

Shanks is a close ally of Fields. They worked together in the early 2000s at
Mazda, which Ford once ran, and at Ford's European division. When Fields became
president of the Americas division in 2005, Shanks became the region's
controller. He also worked on the restructuring plans that eventually saved the
company.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


        Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             185 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 10, 2012 Friday
                                Regional Edition

Changes at the top at Ford renew speculation about next CEO

BYLINE: Dee-Ann Durbin;Tom Krisher

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 374 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


DETROIT - Two of the architects behind Ford's remarkable turnaround are
retiring, and their departures have intensified the guessing game over who will
become the next chief executive.

For now, CEO Alan Mulally isn't going anywhere. The energetic, 66-year-old
Kansan is considered a hero for bringing the company back from financial
disaster. He insisted on Thursday that he'll continue to lead Ford.

But the retirements of two top lieutenants - the chief financial officer, Lewis
Booth, and the product development chief, Derrick Kuzak - on April 1 remove two
of the five inside contenders for the CEO job. Their departures have renewed
water-cooler talk about who takes over for Mulally.

Both men helped turn the company around after it borrowed billions in 2006 to
stay in business. Kuzak, 60, got Ford to shift from being primarily a truck
company to making more cars. Booth, 63, led the company's financial operations
through the banking crisis.

Mulally named their replacements Thursday and promised that Ford's success will
continue as it follows the plan that led it to prosperity.

"Nothing's changing about the way we operate," said Mulally, whose company last
month reported its third straight annual profit.

Company insiders say the leading candidates to succeed Mulally are now Americas
President Mark Fields, Asia Pacific and Africa President Joe Hinrichs and Ford
of Europe CEO Stephen Odell. There's a slim chance Ford would look outside, but
Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr., whose family controls the company, has
repeatedly pointed to a strong bench.

President and controller Bob Shanks, 59, will become CFO. Vice President of
Engineering and Product Development Raj Nair, 47, will replace Kuzak. Mulally
said the promotions were part of the company's succession plan for every top
management position, including his own.

One of the appointments seemed to point to Fields as the next chief executive.

Shanks is a close ally of Fields. They worked together in the early 2000s at
Mazda, which Ford once ran, and at Ford's European division. When Fields became
president of the Americas division in 2005, Shanks became the region's
controller. He also worked on the restructuring plans that eventually saved the
company.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             186 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     February 8, 2012 Wednesday 8:12 PM EST

Artist known for his dark humor, punk style

BYLINE: Jori Finkel

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 857 words


Mike Kelley, an influential Los Angeles artist whose physically messy and
psychologically complex projects laid the groundwork for present-day
installation art,  was found dead Jan. 31 at his home in South Pasadena, Calif.,
in what several friends described as a suicide after a serious depression. He
was 57.

"We can't confirm a suicide pending an autopsy or coroner's report," said one of
the estate's trustees, art historian John Welchman.

Mr. Kelley's death came as a surprise to many, but his fans have long recognized
the demons that fueled his work, known for its dark humor and punk irreverence.
While he rejected the label of bad-boy artist, some of his most famous works are
raw or raunchy in their imagery.

"Kelley is an avatar of the power and humanity inherent in recognizing the
radical impurity of human experience," Los Angeles Times art critic Christopher
Knight wrote in 1994. "His art searches out dark and soiled places where
defects, fault lines and inadequacies are obvious and routine, and where failure
takes on the poignant, fragile, even heartbreaking beauty that accompanies any
loss of self."

His work spanned multiple mediums over the years, including drawing, painting,
sculpture, performance and video. One of his contributions was pushing the
boundaries of installation art to pack subversive themes and unruly mediums into
a single space, however uncomfortable for museum- and gallery-goers.

Mr. Kelley was born Oct. 27, 1954, in Detroit to what he described as a
working-class Catholic family. His father was in charge of maintenance for a
public school system, and his mother was a cook in the executive dining room at
Ford Motor.

He attended the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, where he founded the
"anti-rock" band Destroy All Monsters with Jim Shaw, Cary Loren and Lynn Rovner
(a.k.a. Niagara). He and Shaw moved west in 1976 to attend graduate school at
the California Institute of the Arts. There, Mr. Kelley studied with artists
such as John Baldessari and Douglas Huebler and teamed up with fellow student
Tony Oursler for another art band called the Poetics.

Besides playing music, Mr. Kelley's main pursuit in school and soon after was
performance art. After graduating from CalArts, he began what Welchman describes
as "an astonishing series of performances using soliloquies and highly charged
poetic prose. They appear to be improvisational but were in fact highly
scripted, even the yells and screams."

But more and more, the props or sound instruments from his performances were
becoming sculptural objects themselves, and Mr. Kelley found himself working in
the loose genre known as installation art. His stage fright led to his use of
video as a way of capturing private performances and not having to perform
before a large audience.

One of his breakthrough works was called "Monkey Island," a
performance/installation staged at New York's Metro Pictures in 1982 and
Rosamund Felsen Gallery in Los Angeles in 1983. Its point of departure was a
visit Mr. Kelley made to the monkey enclosure at the Los Angeles Zoo, and
drawings of monkeys did figure into the work. But so did inflatable bladders and
other symbolic objects.

In the 1980s, he became known for working with other types of material:
crocheted blankets, fabric dolls and other rag toys found at thrift stores and
yard sales. Perhaps the most famous work in this vein, "More Love Hours Than Can
Ever Be Repaid" from 1987, featured a mess of used rag dolls, animals and
blankets strewn across a canvas, a way of investing a fictional childhood scene
with some visceral pathos.

"If 'Monkey Island' was his breakthrough piece in terms of the art world in Los
Angeles, it was the stuffed animals that became his sort of signature work about
remembrance, loss, a certain kind of sadness," said Paul Schimmel, the chief
curator of the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles.

Filmmaker John Waters, who owns artwork by Mr. Kelley, describes these
installations in his 2010 book "Role Models," calling him "the man who made
pitiful seem sexy by turning grimy thrift-store stuffed animals into
heartbreaking, jaw-droppingly beautiful sculptures by placing them on stained
blankets on the floor or facedown on card tables next to one another like dead
Jonestown suicide cultists."

Along with his collaborations with Shaw and Oursler, Mr. Kelley was also known
for working with Los Angeles artist Paul McCarthy in the 1990s. They
collaborated on a series of video projects, including a 1992 work based on
Johanna Spyri's classic children's book, "Heidi," in which they used deformed
rubber dolls to enact odd scenes of domestic violence.

Over the years, Mr. Kelley's work was well recognized. He showed with several
major galleries, including Metro Pictures and Gagosian in New York, and had work
acquired by the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles, the Whitney Museum of
American Art in New York and the Tate Modern in London, among others.

A Kelley retrospective is set to be the inaugural show of the Stedelijk Museum
in Amsterdam when it reopens at the end of the year.

Survivors include a brother.

- Los Angeles Times

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


        Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             187 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     February 8, 2012 Wednesday 8:12 PM EST

Artist known for his dark humor, punk style

BYLINE: Jori Finkel

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 857 words


Mike Kelley, an influential Los Angeles artist whose physically messy and
psychologically complex projects laid the groundwork for present-day
installation art,  was found dead Jan. 31 at his home in South Pasadena, Calif.,
in what several friends described as a suicide after a serious depression. He
was 57.

"We can't confirm a suicide pending an autopsy or coroner's report," said one of
the estate's trustees, art historian John Welchman.

Mr. Kelley's death came as a surprise to many, but his fans have long recognized
the demons that fueled his work, known for its dark humor and punk irreverence.
While he rejected the label of bad-boy artist, some of his most famous works are
raw or raunchy in their imagery.

"Kelley is an avatar of the power and humanity inherent in recognizing the
radical impurity of human experience," Los Angeles Times art critic Christopher
Knight wrote in 1994. "His art searches out dark and soiled places where
defects, fault lines and inadequacies are obvious and routine, and where failure
takes on the poignant, fragile, even heartbreaking beauty that accompanies any
loss of self."

His work spanned multiple mediums over the years, including drawing, painting,
sculpture, performance and video. One of his contributions was pushing the
boundaries of installation art to pack subversive themes and unruly mediums into
a single space, however uncomfortable for museum- and gallery-goers.

Mr. Kelley was born Oct. 27, 1954, in Detroit to what he described as a
working-class Catholic family. His father was in charge of maintenance for a
public school system, and his mother was a cook in the executive dining room at
Ford Motor.

He attended the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, where he founded the
"anti-rock" band Destroy All Monsters with Jim Shaw, Cary Loren and Lynn Rovner
(a.k.a. Niagara). He and Shaw moved west in 1976 to attend graduate school at
the California Institute of the Arts. There, Mr. Kelley studied with artists
such as John Baldessari and Douglas Huebler and teamed up with fellow student
Tony Oursler for another art band called the Poetics.

Besides playing music, Mr. Kelley's main pursuit in school and soon after was
performance art. After graduating from CalArts, he began what Welchman describes
as "an astonishing series of performances using soliloquies and highly charged
poetic prose. They appear to be improvisational but were in fact highly
scripted, even the yells and screams."

But more and more, the props or sound instruments from his performances were
becoming sculptural objects themselves, and Mr. Kelley found himself working in
the loose genre known as installation art. His stage fright led to his use of
video as a way of capturing private performances and not having to perform
before a large audience.

One of his breakthrough works was called "Monkey Island," a
performance/installation staged at New York's Metro Pictures in 1982 and
Rosamund Felsen Gallery in Los Angeles in 1983. Its point of departure was a
visit Mr. Kelley made to the monkey enclosure at the Los Angeles Zoo, and
drawings of monkeys did figure into the work. But so did inflatable bladders and
other symbolic objects.

In the 1980s, he became known for working with other types of material:
crocheted blankets, fabric dolls and other rag toys found at thrift stores and
yard sales. Perhaps the most famous work in this vein, "More Love Hours Than Can
Ever Be Repaid" from 1987, featured a mess of used rag dolls, animals and
blankets strewn across a canvas, a way of investing a fictional childhood scene
with some visceral pathos.

"If 'Monkey Island' was his breakthrough piece in terms of the art world in Los
Angeles, it was the stuffed animals that became his sort of signature work about
remembrance, loss, a certain kind of sadness," said Paul Schimmel, the chief
curator of the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles.

Filmmaker John Waters, who owns artwork by Mr. Kelley, describes these
installations in his 2010 book "Role Models," calling him "the man who made
pitiful seem sexy by turning grimy thrift-store stuffed animals into
heartbreaking, jaw-droppingly beautiful sculptures by placing them on stained
blankets on the floor or facedown on card tables next to one another like dead
Jonestown suicide cultists."

Along with his collaborations with Shaw and Oursler, Mr. Kelley was also known
for working with Los Angeles artist Paul McCarthy in the 1990s. They
collaborated on a series of video projects, including a 1992 work based on
Johanna Spyri's classic children's book, "Heidi," in which they used deformed
rubber dolls to enact odd scenes of domestic violence.

Over the years, Mr. Kelley's work was well recognized. He showed with several
major galleries, including Metro Pictures and Gagosian in New York, and had work
acquired by the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles, the Whitney Museum of
American Art in New York and the Tate Modern in London, among others.

A Kelley retrospective is set to be the inaugural show of the Stedelijk Museum
in Amsterdam when it reopens at the end of the year.

Survivors include a brother.

- Los Angeles Times

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


        Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             188 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 8, 2012 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Artist known for his dark humor, punk style

BYLINE: Jori Finkel

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 853 words


Mike Kelley, an influential Los Angeles artist whose physically messy and
psychologically complex projects laid the groundwork for present-day
installation art,  was found dead Jan. 31 at his home in South Pasadena, Calif.,
in what several friends described as a suicide after a serious depression. He
was 57.

"We can't confirm a suicide pending an autopsy or coroner's report," said one of
the estate's trustees, art historian John Welchman.

Mr. Kelley's death came as a surprise to many, but his fans have long recognized
the demons that fueled his work, known for its dark humor and punk irreverence.
While he rejected the label of bad-boy artist, some of his most famous works are
raw or raunchy in their imagery.

"Kelley is an avatar of the power and humanity inherent in recognizing the
radical impurity of human experience," Los Angeles Times art critic Christopher
Knight wrote in 1994. "His art searches out dark and soiled places where
defects, fault lines and inadequacies are obvious and routine, and where failure
takes on the poignant, fragile, even heartbreaking beauty that accompanies any
loss of self."

His work spanned multiple mediums over the years, including drawing, painting,
sculpture, performance and video. One of his contributions was pushing the
boundaries of installation art to pack subversive themes and unruly mediums into
a single space, however uncomfortable for museum- and gallery-goers.

Mr. Kelley was born Oct. 27, 1954, in Detroit to what he described as a
working-class Catholic family. His father was in charge of maintenance for a
public school system, and his mother was a cook in the executive dining room at
Ford Motor.

He attended the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, where he founded the
"anti-rock" band Destroy All Monsters with Jim Shaw, Cary Loren and Lynn Rovner
(a.k.a. Niagara). He and Shaw moved west in 1976 to attend graduate school at
the California Institute of the Arts. There, Mr. Kelley studied with artists
such as John Baldessari and Douglas Huebler and teamed up with fellow student
Tony Oursler for another art band called the Poetics.

Besides playing music, Mr. Kelley's main pursuit in school and soon after was
performance art. After graduating from CalArts, he began what Welchman describes
as "an astonishing series of performances using soliloquies and highly charged
poetic prose. They appear to be improvisational but were in fact highly
scripted, even the yells and screams."

But more and more, the props or sound instruments from his performances were
becoming sculptural objects themselves, and Mr. Kelley found himself working in
the loose genre known as installation art. His stage fright led to his use of
video as a way of capturing private performances and not having to perform
before a large audience.

One of his breakthrough works was called "Monkey Island," a
performance/installation staged at New York's Metro Pictures in 1982 and
Rosamund Felsen Gallery in Los Angeles in 1983. Its point of departure was a
visit Mr. Kelley made to the monkey enclosure at the Los Angeles Zoo, and
drawings of monkeys did figure into the work. But so did inflatable bladders and
other symbolic objects.

In the 1980s, he became known for working with other types of material:
crocheted blankets, fabric dolls and other rag toys found at thrift stores and
yard sales. Perhaps the most famous work in this vein, "More Love Hours Than Can
Ever Be Repaid" from 1987, featured a mess of used rag dolls, animals and
blankets strewn across a canvas, a way of investing a fictional childhood scene
with some visceral pathos.

"If 'Monkey Island' was his breakthrough piece in terms of the art world in Los
Angeles, it was the stuffed animals that became his sort of signature work about
remembrance, loss, a certain kind of sadness," said Paul Schimmel, the chief
curator of the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles.

Filmmaker John Waters, who owns artwork by Mr. Kelley, describes these
installations in his 2010 book "Role Models," calling him "the man who made
pitiful seem sexy by turning grimy thrift-store stuffed animals into
heartbreaking, jaw-droppingly beautiful sculptures by placing them on stained
blankets on the floor or facedown on card tables next to one another like dead
Jonestown suicide cultists."

Along with his collaborations with Shaw and Oursler, Mr. Kelley was also known
for working with Los Angeles artist Paul McCarthy in the 1990s. They
collaborated on a series of video projects, including a 1992 work based on
Johanna Spyri's classic children's book, "Heidi," in which they used deformed
rubber dolls to enact odd scenes of domestic violence.

Over the years, Mr. Kelley's work was well recognized. He showed with several
major galleries, including Metro Pictures and Gagosian in New York, and had work
acquired by the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles, the Whitney Museum of
American Art in New York and the Tate Modern in London, among others.

A Kelley retrospective is set to be the inaugural show of the Stedelijk Museum
in Amsterdam when it reopens at the end of the year.

Survivors include a brother.

- Los Angeles Times

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             189 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      February 5, 2012 Sunday 8:12 PM EST

F o r d ' s F o r d 's red e[#xfb01]nes i t s e lf

BYLINE: by Nelson Pressley by Nelson Pressley

SECTION: ; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 1253 words


More than 750,000 people visit Ford's Theatre annually to ponder Abraham
Lincoln's assassination - Booth's single shot and histrionic leap to the stage,
the mortally wounded president's death across the street at a boarding house,
where Lincoln was carried after the shooting.

New dimensions to that story will be added at Ford's with the opening of the $25
million Center for Education and Leadership this month. Situated in a
dramatically refurbished 10-story office building directly across the street
from the fabled theater and next door to the house where he died, the center
will feature expanded museum and education spaces.

The new exhibit goes beyond Lincoln's assassination and tracks his funeral,
legacy and the  evolution from American liberator to pop icon, memorialized in
everything from marble monuments to disguise kits and trading cards. The museum
showcases such items as Booth's saddle   as well as a video that shows images of
him in modern films.

"That's the biggest change," says presidential scholar and Lincoln historian
Richard Norton Smith, who helped plan the new center as well as the redesigned
museum beneath the theater, which opened in 2009. "People used to be exposed to
a fairly narrow slice of history, with a clear-cut ending. Now the whole package
is not about endings. It literally is a story that is unfinished, and in some
ways is reinterpreted by each generation."

New "centers" are the mode in Washington - the Harman Center for the Arts, the
Mead Center for American Theater (a.k.a. Arena Stage) - and the ribbon-cutting
of Ford's Center for Education and Leadership on Wednesday, with timed entry
tours for the public beginning Feb. 21, will complete a $60 million
re-visioning. The annual slate of theater productions and the cautiously
preserved and displayed historic site, managed by the National Park Service,
have long operated without much integration. The new campus, created by Ford's
Theatre Society in coordination with the Park Service, aims for greater harmony.

"This is redefining who we are," says Ford's Director Paul R. Tetrault. The
theater is creating more Lincoln connections in works as diverse as the recent
musical "Parade" (about the 1915 anti-Semitic lynching in Georgia of Leo Frank)
or in the current premiere "                   Necessary Sacrifices
," dramatizing meetings between Lincoln and Frederick Douglass. (This spring,
the troupe will produce the popular musical "1776" - not strictly Lincoln, but
in the ballpark.)

Meantime, the historical displays have grown more theatrical. The glass facade
of the new center features a giant image of Lincoln's face staring across 10th
Street at the theater. Videos by the History Channel animate the museums on both
sides of the street. The exhibits in the new center feature touch-screen
displays and interactive elements to go with the artifacts under glass.

Tetrault credits current board Chairman Wayne R. Reynolds with broaching the
idea of an expanded, more comprehensive approach. Tetrault's initial response
was a wary "Hold on!" He had been hired to replace the late Frankie Hewitt, who
ran Ford's as a working theater since its reopening in 1968. Tetrault's
expertise was stage-related; he came to Washington after a decade as the
managing director of Houston's Alley Theatre, which produced a number of notable
shows on his watch.

But Tetrault says it didn't take long for him to embrace the broadened job
description. "It's a more holistic way of looking at the theater," he reasons.
Tetrault also recognized that Ford's was unlikely to become a national leader
strictly as a theater or as a museum. But in the combination, Tetrault says, "No
one does what we do."

Ford's was already renting some upper floors of 514 10th St. for administrative
uses when the Theatre Society purchased the building for $9 million in 2007.
Travis Wood, an exhibit designer for Split Rock Studios - the Minnesota-based
design and construction firm recommended to Tetrault by Smith - describes the
1923 space as "not your typical exhibit space," says Wood, whose firm has
created exhibits for museums and park visitors centers across the country. "But
the location is simply perfect."

The front of the new center not only features the Lincoln-haunted glass facade,
but also a sculptural tower of Lincoln-themed books rising up through the atrium
and encircled by the spiral staircase that will guide visitors from floor to
floor. The colorful tower features nearly 7,000 aluminum facsimiles of more than
200 titles. It's a mini-monument to the continuing cultural fascination with
Honest Abe; when lighted at night, it figures to be an  arresting sight for
theatergoers at intermission across the street.

Visitors will be channeled through the Peterson House to the fourth floor (via
elevator) of the new center. Permanent exhibits on the assassination's aftermath
and  Lincoln's legacy occupy the fourth and third floors; the second floor is
being billed as the "leadership gallery," for talks and events. The first floor
will be a gift shop (augmenting the pair of gift shops in Ford's itself).

Administrative and production offices are already humming in the top floors, and
education gets its space in the middle. Tetrault notes that Ford's did not have
an education staffer when he arrived in 2004; now it has a director and a
department of five. The new classrooms and studio spaces will accommodate
education programs already in place, and one floor will be equipped with
high-tech facilities for "distance learning" - connecting with teachers and
students across the country and potentially around the world.

Tetrault says $53 million of the planned $60 million project has been raised.
The remainder is targeted for endowment; the construction is paid for. Ford's
operating budget has roughly doubled during Tetrault's tenure, with the theater
raising more money and selling more tickets as it expands its mission. .

The success of the new center, Tetrault suggests, won't necessarily be measured
by increased traffic.

"Throughout this whole process, we have always said, 'How do we improve the
visitor experience?' " Tetrault says. "That has been our mantra. We are less
interested in the number simply increasing than in the experience being better."

How to create a new experience in a city (and on a site) already rich with
Lincoln was a test. Wood feels the fresh niche is the focus on the presidency,
rather than on a single event. And Smith, illustrating the center's emphasis on
legacy and its sense of Lincoln in Washington, points to a new History Channel
film in the permanent exhibit nodding to the long appropriation of the Lincoln
Memorial as America's great symbolic rallying spot.

"That itself is a metaphor for the many Lincolns," Smith says. "We need Lincoln
on our side."

style@washpost.com

Ford's Center for Education and Leadership

Presidents' Day Open House: Feb. 20 from 9 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. This free full day
of programming at the theater and the Center for Education and Leadership
features talks and performances. Tickets are available beginning at 8:30 a.m. on
Feb. 20.

Presidential Leadership Panel:Monday, Feb. 20, at 7 p.m. Ford's Theatre. This
discussion features Chris Matthews and writer Harold Holzer discussing
presidential leadership. Tickets are free and will become available for
reservation. 511  and 514 10th St. NW. 202-347-4833. www.fords.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


        Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             190 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      February 5, 2012 Sunday 8:12 PM EST

F o r d ' s F o r d 's red e[#xfb01]nes i t s e lf

BYLINE: by Nelson Pressley by Nelson Pressley

SECTION: ; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 1253 words


More than 750,000 people visit Ford's Theatre annually to ponder Abraham
Lincoln's assassination - Booth's single shot and histrionic leap to the stage,
the mortally wounded president's death across the street at a boarding house,
where Lincoln was carried after the shooting.

New dimensions to that story will be added at Ford's with the opening of the $25
million Center for Education and Leadership this month. Situated in a
dramatically refurbished 10-story office building directly across the street
from the fabled theater and next door to the house where he died, the center
will feature expanded museum and education spaces.

The new exhibit goes beyond Lincoln's assassination and tracks his funeral,
legacy and the  evolution from American liberator to pop icon, memorialized in
everything from marble monuments to disguise kits and trading cards. The museum
showcases such items as Booth's saddle   as well as a video that shows images of
him in modern films.

"That's the biggest change," says presidential scholar and Lincoln historian
Richard Norton Smith, who helped plan the new center as well as the redesigned
museum beneath the theater, which opened in 2009. "People used to be exposed to
a fairly narrow slice of history, with a clear-cut ending. Now the whole package
is not about endings. It literally is a story that is unfinished, and in some
ways is reinterpreted by each generation."

New "centers" are the mode in Washington - the Harman Center for the Arts, the
Mead Center for American Theater (a.k.a. Arena Stage) - and the ribbon-cutting
of Ford's Center for Education and Leadership on Wednesday, with timed entry
tours for the public beginning Feb. 21, will complete a $60 million
re-visioning. The annual slate of theater productions and the cautiously
preserved and displayed historic site, managed by the National Park Service,
have long operated without much integration. The new campus, created by Ford's
Theatre Society in coordination with the Park Service, aims for greater harmony.

"This is redefining who we are," says Ford's Director Paul R. Tetrault. The
theater is creating more Lincoln connections in works as diverse as the recent
musical "Parade" (about the 1915 anti-Semitic lynching in Georgia of Leo Frank)
or in the current premiere "                   Necessary Sacrifices
," dramatizing meetings between Lincoln and Frederick Douglass. (This spring,
the troupe will produce the popular musical "1776" - not strictly Lincoln, but
in the ballpark.)

Meantime, the historical displays have grown more theatrical. The glass facade
of the new center features a giant image of Lincoln's face staring across 10th
Street at the theater. Videos by the History Channel animate the museums on both
sides of the street. The exhibits in the new center feature touch-screen
displays and interactive elements to go with the artifacts under glass.

Tetrault credits current board Chairman Wayne R. Reynolds with broaching the
idea of an expanded, more comprehensive approach. Tetrault's initial response
was a wary "Hold on!" He had been hired to replace the late Frankie Hewitt, who
ran Ford's as a working theater since its reopening in 1968. Tetrault's
expertise was stage-related; he came to Washington after a decade as the
managing director of Houston's Alley Theatre, which produced a number of notable
shows on his watch.

But Tetrault says it didn't take long for him to embrace the broadened job
description. "It's a more holistic way of looking at the theater," he reasons.
Tetrault also recognized that Ford's was unlikely to become a national leader
strictly as a theater or as a museum. But in the combination, Tetrault says, "No
one does what we do."

Ford's was already renting some upper floors of 514 10th St. for administrative
uses when the Theatre Society purchased the building for $9 million in 2007.
Travis Wood, an exhibit designer for Split Rock Studios - the Minnesota-based
design and construction firm recommended to Tetrault by Smith - describes the
1923 space as "not your typical exhibit space," says Wood, whose firm has
created exhibits for museums and park visitors centers across the country. "But
the location is simply perfect."

The front of the new center not only features the Lincoln-haunted glass facade,
but also a sculptural tower of Lincoln-themed books rising up through the atrium
and encircled by the spiral staircase that will guide visitors from floor to
floor. The colorful tower features nearly 7,000 aluminum facsimiles of more than
200 titles. It's a mini-monument to the continuing cultural fascination with
Honest Abe; when lighted at night, it figures to be an  arresting sight for
theatergoers at intermission across the street.

Visitors will be channeled through the Peterson House to the fourth floor (via
elevator) of the new center. Permanent exhibits on the assassination's aftermath
and  Lincoln's legacy occupy the fourth and third floors; the second floor is
being billed as the "leadership gallery," for talks and events. The first floor
will be a gift shop (augmenting the pair of gift shops in Ford's itself).

Administrative and production offices are already humming in the top floors, and
education gets its space in the middle. Tetrault notes that Ford's did not have
an education staffer when he arrived in 2004; now it has a director and a
department of five. The new classrooms and studio spaces will accommodate
education programs already in place, and one floor will be equipped with
high-tech facilities for "distance learning" - connecting with teachers and
students across the country and potentially around the world.

Tetrault says $53 million of the planned $60 million project has been raised.
The remainder is targeted for endowment; the construction is paid for. Ford's
operating budget has roughly doubled during Tetrault's tenure, with the theater
raising more money and selling more tickets as it expands its mission. .

The success of the new center, Tetrault suggests, won't necessarily be measured
by increased traffic.

"Throughout this whole process, we have always said, 'How do we improve the
visitor experience?' " Tetrault says. "That has been our mantra. We are less
interested in the number simply increasing than in the experience being better."

How to create a new experience in a city (and on a site) already rich with
Lincoln was a test. Wood feels the fresh niche is the focus on the presidency,
rather than on a single event. And Smith, illustrating the center's emphasis on
legacy and its sense of Lincoln in Washington, points to a new History Channel
film in the permanent exhibit nodding to the long appropriation of the Lincoln
Memorial as America's great symbolic rallying spot.

"That itself is a metaphor for the many Lincolns," Smith says. "We need Lincoln
on our side."

style@washpost.com

Ford's Center for Education and Leadership

Presidents' Day Open House: Feb. 20 from 9 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. This free full day
of programming at the theater and the Center for Education and Leadership
features talks and performances. Tickets are available beginning at 8:30 a.m. on
Feb. 20.

Presidential Leadership Panel:Monday, Feb. 20, at 7 p.m. Ford's Theatre. This
discussion features Chris Matthews and writer Harold Holzer discussing
presidential leadership. Tickets are free and will become available for
reservation. 511  and 514 10th St. NW. 202-347-4833. www.fords.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


        Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             191 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 5, 2012 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Ford's Ford's red eï¬nes itself

BYLINE: by Nelson Pressley

SECTION: SUNDAY ARTS; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 1228 words


More than 750,000 people visit Ford's Theatreannually to ponder Abraham
Lincoln's assassination - Booth's single shot and histrionic leap to the stage,
the mortally wounded president's death across the street at a boarding house,
where Lincoln was carried after the shooting.

New dimensions to that story will be added at Ford's with the opening of the $25
million Center for Education and Leadership this month. Situated in a
dramatically refurbished 10-story office building directly across the street
from the fabled theater and next door to the house where he died, the center
will feature expanded museum and education spaces.

The new exhibit goes beyond Lincoln's assassination and tracks his funeral,
legacy and the  evolution from American liberator to pop icon, memorialized in
everything from marble monuments to disguise kits and trading cards. The museum
showcases such items as Booth's saddle   as well as a video that shows images of
him in modern films.

"That's the biggest change," says presidential scholar and Lincoln historian
Richard Norton Smith, who helped plan the new center as well as the redesigned
museum beneath the theater, which opened in 2009. "People used to be exposed to
a fairly narrow slice of history, with a clear-cut ending. Now the whole package
is not about endings. It literally is a story that is unfinished, and in some
ways is reinterpreted by each generation."

New "centers" are the mode in Washington - the Harman Center for the Arts, the
Mead Center for American Theater(a.k.a. Arena Stage) - and the ribbon-cutting of
Ford's Center for Education and Leadership on Wednesday, with timed entry tours
for the public beginning Feb. 21, will complete a $60 million re-visioning. The
annual slate of theater productions and the cautiously preserved and displayed
historic site, managed by the National Park Service, have long operated without
much integration. The new campus, created by Ford's Theatre Society in
coordination with the Park Service, aims for greater harmony.

"This is redefining who we are," says Ford's Director Paul R. Tetrault. The
theater is creating more Lincoln connections in works as diverse as the recent
musical "Parade"(about the 1915 anti-Semitic lynching in Georgia of Leo Frank)
or in the current premiere "Necessary Sacrifices," dramatizing meetings between
Lincoln and Frederick Douglass. (This spring, the troupe will produce the
popular musical "1776" - not strictly Lincoln, but in the ballpark.)

Meantime, the historical displays have grown more theatrical. The glass facade
of the new center features a giant image of Lincoln's face staring across 10th
Street at the theater. Videos by the History Channel animate the museums on both
sides of the street. The exhibits in the new center feature touch-screen
displays and interactive elements to go with the artifacts under glass.

Tetrault credits current board Chairman Wayne R. Reynolds with broaching the
idea of an expanded, more comprehensive approach. Tetrault's initial response
was a wary "Hold on!" He had been hired to replace the late Frankie Hewitt, who
ran Ford's as a working theater since its reopening in 1968. Tetrault's
expertise was stage-related; he came to Washington after a decade as the
managing director of Houston's Alley Theatre, which produced a number of notable
shows on his watch.

But Tetrault says it didn't take long for him to embrace the broadened job
description. "It's a more holistic way of looking at the theater," he reasons.
Tetrault also recognized that Ford's was unlikely to become a national leader
strictly as a theater or as a museum. But in the combination, Tetrault says, "No
one does what we do."

Ford's was already renting some upper floors of 514 10th St. for administrative
uses when the Theatre Society purchased the building for $9 million in 2007.
Travis Wood, an exhibit designer for Split Rock Studios- the Minnesota-based
design and construction firm recommended to Tetrault by Smith - describes the
1923 space as "not your typical exhibit space," says Wood, whose firm has
created exhibits for museums and park visitors centers across the country. "But
the location is simply perfect."

The front of the new center not only features the Lincoln-haunted glass facade,
but also a sculptural tower of Lincoln-themed books rising up through the atrium
and encircled by the spiral staircase that will guide visitors from floor to
floor. The colorful tower features nearly 7,000 aluminum facsimiles of more than
200 titles. It's a mini-monument to the continuing cultural fascination with
Honest Abe; when lighted at night, it figures to be an  arresting sight for
theatergoers at intermission across the street.

Visitors will be channeled through the Peterson House to the fourth floor (via
elevator) of the new center. Permanent exhibits on the assassination's aftermath
and  Lincoln's legacy occupy the fourth and third floors; the second floor is
being billed as the "leadership gallery," for talks and events. The first floor
will be a gift shop (augmenting the pair of gift shops in Ford's itself).

Administrative and production offices are already humming in the top floors, and
education gets its space in the middle. Tetrault notes that Ford's did not have
an education staffer when he arrived in 2004; now it has a director and a
department of five. The new classrooms and studio spaces will accommodate
education programs already in place, and one floor will be equipped with
high-tech facilities for "distance learning" - connecting with teachers and
students across the country and potentially around the world.

Tetrault says $53 million of the planned $60 million project has been raised.
The remainder is targeted for endowment; the construction is paid for. Ford's
operating budget has roughly doubled during Tetrault's tenure, with the theater
raising more money and selling more tickets as it expands its mission. .

The success of the new center, Tetrault suggests, won't necessarily be measured
by increased traffic.

"Throughout this whole process, we have always said, 'How do we improve the
visitor experience?' " Tetrault says. "That has been our mantra. We are less
interested in the number simply increasing than in the experience being better."

How to create a new experience in a city (and on a site) already rich with
Lincoln was a test. Wood feels the fresh niche is the focus on the presidency,
rather than on a single event. And Smith, illustrating the center's emphasis on
legacy and its sense of Lincoln in Washington, points to a new History Channel
film in the permanent exhibit nodding to the long appropriation of the Lincoln
Memorial as America's great symbolic rallying spot.

"That itself is a metaphor for the many Lincolns," Smith says. "We need Lincoln
on our side."

style@washpost.com

Ford's Center for Education and Leadership

Presidents' Day Open House: Feb. 20 from 9 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. This free full day
of programming at the theater and the Center for Education and Leadership
features talks and performances. Tickets are available beginning at 8:30 a.m. on
Feb. 20.

Presidential Leadership Panel: Monday, Feb. 20, at 7 p.m. Ford's Theatre. This
discussion features Chris Matthews and writer Harold Holzer discussing
presidential leadership. Tickets are free and will become available for
reservation. 511  and 514 10th St. NW. 202-347-4833. www.fords.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             192 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     February 2, 2012 Thursday 8:12 PM EST

U.S. auto sales start strongly in January

BYLINE: Dee-Ann Durbin;Tom Krisher

SECTION: A section; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 446 words


DETROIT - U.S. auto sales are off to a strong start this year, continuing their
brisk pace from late 2011.

Chrysler had its best January in four years. Toyota and Honda were back in the
game, getting boosts from important new vehicles. Volkswagen, which wants to
aggressively expand in the United States, reported big increases.

The only loser among the major automakers was General Motors, whose sales fell 6
percent from a strong January last year.

Sales of cars and trucks rose 11 percent to 913,287 in January, kicking off what
is expected to be the strongest year for the industry since the recession. Jesse
Toprak, vice president of industry trends for TrueCar.com, said demand is
growing as the economy improves.

"For the first time in several years, we are starting the year off with a warm
and fuzzy feeling," he said.

January's sales pace was even faster than December's, a relief for the industry
after a bumpy 2011. Sales started at a healthy pace but plummeted after the
Japanese earthquake in March caused car shortages. The pace of sales didn't
really recover until the last four months of the year.

If sales stay at the same pace as they did in January, they would reach 14.2
million, up from 12.8 million in 2011, according to Autodata. While this year's
projection is below the 2000 peak of 17.3 million, it's better than the 10.4
million trough in 2009.

One reason car sales are improving is that buyers need to replace aging
vehicles. The average age of an American vehicle is a record 10.8 years, nearly
two years older than a decade ago. Low interest rates and greater loan
availability also spurred demand.

Chrysler's January sales jumped 44 percent, led by surge in demand for its
revamped 200 and 300 sedans. Chrysler sold 7,007 of the 200 midsize sedan last
month, more than eight times the number it sold a year earlier.

Toyota Motor's sales rose 7.5 percent on strong demand for the new Camry, which
went on sale in October. Camry sales rose 56 percent in January and the sedan
remained America's best-selling car, a distinction it has held for nearly 15
years. Sales of the Prius hybrid rose 9 percent.

Honda sales were up 8.8 percent on the strength of the new Civic small car.

GM reported strong car sales, up 13 percent because of the new Chevrolet Sonic
subcompact. But demand for its trucks and crossovers fell.

Ford's sales rose 7.9 percent. Demand for the Ford Focus small car rose 60
percent, while sales of the Escape small SUV rose 24 percent. Ford is replacing
the Escape with a new version later this year, and sales have been strong as
dealers offer big discounts to clear out the old models.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


        Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             193 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 2, 2012 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

U.S. auto sales start strongly in January

BYLINE: Dee-Ann Durbin;Tom Krisher

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 440 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


DETROIT - U.S. auto sales are off to a strong start this year, continuing their
brisk pace from late 2011.

Chrysler had its best January in four years. Toyota and Honda were back in the
game, getting boosts from important new vehicles. Volkswagen, which wants to
aggressively expand in the United States, reported big increases.

The only loser among the major automakers was General Motors, whose sales fell 6
percent from a strong January last year.

Sales of cars and trucks rose 11 percent to 913,287 in January, kicking off what
is expected to be the strongest year for the industry since the recession. Jesse
Toprak, vice president of industry trends for TrueCar.com, said demand is
growing as the economy improves.

"For the first time in several years, we are starting the year off with a warm
and fuzzy feeling," he said.

January's sales pace was even faster than December's, a relief for the industry
after a bumpy 2011. Sales started at a healthy pace but plummeted after the
Japanese earthquake in March caused car shortages. The pace of sales didn't
really recover until the last four months of the year.

If sales stay at the same pace as they did in January, they would reach 14.2
million, up from 12.8 million in 2011, according to Autodata. While this year's
projection is below the 2000 peak of 17.3 million, it's better than the 10.4
million trough in 2009.

One reason car sales are improving is that buyers need to replace aging
vehicles. The average age of an American vehicle is a record 10.8 years, nearly
two years older than a decade ago. Low interest rates and greater loan
availability also spurred demand.

Chrysler's January sales jumped 44 percent, led by surge in demand for its
revamped 200 and 300 sedans. Chrysler sold 7,007 of the 200 midsize sedan last
month, more than eight times the number it sold a year earlier.

Toyota Motor's sales rose 7.5 percent on strong demand for the new Camry, which
went on sale in October. Camry sales rose 56 percent in January and the sedan
remained America's best-selling car, a distinction it has held for nearly 15
years. Sales of the Prius hybrid rose 9 percent.

Honda sales were up 8.8 percent on the strength of the new Civic small car.

GM reported strong car sales, up 13 percent because of the new Chevrolet Sonic
subcompact. But demand for its trucks and crossovers fell.

Ford's sales rose 7.9 percent. Demand for the Ford Focus small car rose 60
percent, while sales of the Escape small SUV rose 24 percent. Ford is replacing
the Escape with a new version later this year, and sales have been strong as
dealers offer big discounts to clear out the old models.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             194 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     February 1, 2012 Wednesday 8:12 PM EST

Four-wheeled fun

SECTION: Style; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 299 words


Funny how President Obamahas suddenly become a car guy. First, he bragged about
saving America's auto industry in the State of the Union speech. Now's he
hanging out at the Washington Auto Show.

The president, escorted by execs from Ford, Dodge and General Motors, checked
out 15 electric and hybrid models Tuesday, climbing in and inspecting the
interiors. "The U.S. auto industry is back," said Obama, who took a shot at
"some folks who were willing to let this industry die." (Itt-may Omney-ray?)

Not that he gets to drive anywhere now, but at some point the president will
need a new ride. (Can't take the Beast with him, sadly.) Meanwhile, whither the
wheels he left behind? If you've got $1 million and a burning desire for a 2005
Chrysler 300C once driven by the then-senator, you can snag it on eBay.

Obama leased the car until 2007, when he replaced it with a greener Ford Escape
hybrid, CNN reports. Chicago's Tim O'Boylebought the Chrysler from a showroom -
only 20,800 miles on it - and tried to auction it off after the 2008 election.
Jokers ran the price up to $100 million. Ha! No sale.

Hoping to capitalize on the campaign season, O'Boyle got serious again two weeks
ago and re-listed the car - with prescreening and a $2,000 deposit required to
bid. "Please understand that the $1 million dollar starting price is not a
joke," reads the listing, noting that Pope John Paul II's 1975 Ford Escort sold
for $690,000, Iran's Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's1977 Peugeot went for more than $2
million and Adolf Hitler'sMercedes convertible for $8 million.

The current Kelley Blue Book value of the Chrysler is around $14,000. Last year,
a Connecticut man paid $26,000 for Obama's 2000 Jeep Grand Cherokee.

The auction ends Wednesday night. As of press time: exactly zero bids.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


        Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             195 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 1, 2012 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Four-wheeled fun

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 315 words


Funny how President Obama has suddenly become a car guy. First, he bragged about
saving America's auto industry in the State of the Union speech. Now's he
hanging out at the Washington Auto Show.

The president, escorted by execs from Ford, Dodge and General Motors, checked
out 15 electric and hybrid models Tuesday, climbing in and inspecting the
interiors. "The U.S. auto industry is back," said Obama, who took a shot at
"some folks who were willing to let this industry die." (Itt-may Omney-ray?)

Not that he gets to drive anywhere now, but at some point the president will
need a new ride. (Can't take the Beast with him, sadly.) Meanwhile, whither the
wheels he left behind? If you've got $1 million and a burning desire for a 2005
Chrysler 300C once driven by the then-senator, you can snag it on eBay.

Obama leased the car until 2007, when he replaced it with a greener Ford Escape
hybrid, CNN reports.
http://www.ksdk.com/news/article/300540/28/Tim-OBoyle-lists-President-Barack-Oba
mas-old-car-for-1-million-on-eBayChicago's Tim O'Boyle bought the Chrysler from
a showroom - only 20,800 miles on it - and tried to auction it off after the
2008 election. Jokers ran the price up to $100 million. Ha! No sale.

Hoping to capitalize on the campaign season, O'Boyle got serious again two weeks
ago and re-listed the car - with prescreening and a $2,000 deposit required to
bid. "Please understand that the $1 million dollar starting price is not a
joke," reads the listing, noting that Pope John Paul II's 1975 Ford Escort sold
for $690,000, Iran's Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's 1977 Peugeot went for more than $2
million and Adolf Hitler's Mercedes convertible for $8 million.

The current Kelley Blue Book value of the Chrysler is around $14,000. Last year,
a Connecticut man paid $26,000 for Obama's 2000 Jeep Grand Cherokee.

The auction ends Wednesday night. As of press time: exactly zero bids.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      January 31, 2012 Tuesday 8:12 PM EST

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B08

LENGTH: 814 words


Daniel F. McDonald             PHYSICIST

Daniel F. McDonald, 85, a founder of BDM International, a technical-services
firm that became a major government contractor, died Jan. 16 at a nursing home
in Cupertino, Calif. He had congestive heart failure.

The death was confirmed by a daughter, Frances M. DeSouza.

In 1959, Dr. McDonald and two physicist colleagues at Fordham University in New
York - Joseph Braddock and Bernard Dunn -  started what was then known as
Braddock, Dunn and McDonald.

"In those days there was considerable opportunity for small companies with a
strong scientific staff to provide a lot of direct help to the military in
weapons-system analysis," Mr. McDonald told The Washington Post in 1983.

The firm was initially based in New York and then at the White Sands Missile
Range in New Mexico. It moved to McLean in 1973.

The company - a provider of systems engineering, computer modeling and
electronic controls for the development of weapons systems - rose to national
prominence under chief executive Earle Williams in the 1970s and 1980s.

In 1988, BDM was sold to an aerospace division of Ford Motor for $425 million.
Mr. McDonald, who was involved with the company's strategic planning and
technology research and development, retired about that time.

Subsequently, under the ownership of the Carlyle Group private equity firm, BDM
was sold in 1997 to government contractor TRW for $925 million.

Daniel Francis McDonald was a New York City native and served in the Navy in the
Pacific during World War II.

He was a 1950 graduate of Fordham, where he also received a doctorate in physics
in 1959. He received a master's degree in physics from Harvard University 1952.
He was a McLean resident.

In 1988, Dr. McDonald, along with Dunn and Braddock , started the Potomac
Foundation, a nonprofit public-policy organization.

Dr. McDonald served as the foundation's president. He also wrote about defense
security issues related to Central and Eastern Europe.

Survivors include his wife of 53 years, Maria Somkuthy McDonald of McLean; six
children, Carla M. McDonald of Madison, Wis., Frances M. DeSouza of Darien,
Conn., Daniel J. McDonald and Emeric J. McDonald, both of Mountain View, Calif.,
Maria D. McDonald of Tiburon, Calif., and Judith M. Moses of Orinda, Calif.; a
brother; a sister; and 16 grandchildren.

- Adam Bernstein

Robert E. Jones             HHS employee

Robert E. Jones, 83, who lost both hands in a science lab accident in high
school and became a rehabilitation specialist and grants writer for the federal
government, died Jan. 6 at a nursing home in Arlington, Wash. He had heart and
kidney ailments.

The death was confirmed by his daughter, Barbara Thomas.

On Jan. 20, 1947, Mr. Jones was a senior at Richard Montgomery High School in
Rockville when powders he was mixing in the science lab exploded. He lost his
hands in the accident. No one else was seriously injured, his family said.

While he tried prosthetic devices after the accident, he was most comfortable
with hooks that operated via straps across his back. Mr. Jones graduated on time
that year.

He subsequently was a rehabilitation specialist with the old U.S. Department of
Health, Education and Welfare and became a supervisor of grants reviewing and
approval for the Department of Health and Human Services before retiring in
1986.

The next year, he moved from Derwood to Washington state and continued grant
review work in the private sector.

Robert Edward Jones was a Takoma Park native. He was a 1953 graduate of the
University of Maryland and received a master's degree in social work from
Catholic University in 1965.

His marriage to Ruth Ann "Nan" Hughes ended in divorce.Survivors include four
children, Robert E. Jones Jr. of Tulalip, Wash., W. Guy Jones of Mill Creek,
Wash., Donald Jones of Derwood and Barbara Thomas of Frederick; a sister; 11
grandchildren; and a great-granddaughter.

- Adam Bernstein

Arthur V. Hillyard             Pepco mechanic

Arthur V. Hillyard, 86, a retired Pepco mechanic, died Jan. 15 at Doctors
Community Hospital in Lanham, his daughter, Dorianne Hillyard Folstein, said. He
had pulmonary disease.

Arthur Valentine Hillyard was born in Washington and graduated from the Milton
Hershey School in Pennsylvania in 1942. During World War II, he served in the
Army in Europe.

After 28 years with Pepco, Mr. Hillyard retired in 1983 as lead mechanic in the
substation construction department.

He lived in College Park and was a former volunteer firefighter with the Cottage
City Fire Department.

Survivors include his wife of 66 years, Frances Elizabeth Lewis Hillyard of
College Park; a daughter, Dorianne Hillyard Folstein of Crofton; a brother; four
grandchildren; and a great-granddaughter.

- Bart Barnes

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


        Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             197 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday
                                Regional Edition

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B08

LENGTH: 782 words

Daniel F. McDonald

PHYSICIST

Daniel F. McDonald, 85, a founder of BDM International, a technical-services
firm that became a major government contractor, died Jan. 16 at a nursing home
in Cupertino, Calif. He had congestive heart failure.

The death was confirmed by a daughter, Frances M. DeSouza.

In 1959, Dr. McDonald and two physicist colleagues at Fordham University in New
York - Joseph Braddock and Bernard Dunn -  started what was then known as
Braddock, Dunn and McDonald.

"In those days there was considerable opportunity for small companies with a
strong scientific staff to provide a lot of direct help to the military in
weapons-system analysis," Mr. McDonald told The Washington Post in 1983.

The firm was initially based in New York and then at the White Sands Missile
Range in New Mexico. It moved to McLean in 1973.

The company - a provider of systems engineering, computer modeling and
electronic controls for the development of weapons systems - rose to national
prominence under chief executive Earle Williams in the 1970s and 1980s.

In 1988, BDM was sold to an aerospace division of Ford Motor for $425 million.
Mr. McDonald, who was involved with the company's strategic planning and
technology research and development, retired about that time.

Subsequently, under the ownership of the Carlyle Group private equity firm, BDM
was sold in 1997 to government contractor TRW for $925 million.

Daniel Francis McDonald was a New York City native and served in the Navy in the
Pacific during World War II.

He was a 1950 graduate of Fordham, where he also received a doctorate in physics
in 1959. He received a master's degree in physics from Harvard University 1952.
He was a McLean resident.

In 1988, Dr. McDonald, along with Dunn and Braddock , started the Potomac
Foundation, a nonprofit public-policy organization.

Dr. McDonald served as the foundation's president. He also wrote about defense
security issues related to Central and Eastern Europe.

Survivors include his wife of 53 years, Maria Somkuthy McDonald of McLean; six
children, Carla M. McDonald of Madison, Wis., Frances M. DeSouza of Darien,
Conn., Daniel J. McDonald and Emeric J. McDonald, both of Mountain View, Calif.,
Maria D. McDonald of Tiburon, Calif., and Judith M. Moses of Orinda, Calif.; a
brother; a sister; and 16 grandchildren.

- Adam Bernstein

Robert E. Jones

HHS employee

Robert E. Jones, 83, who lost both hands in a science lab accident in high
school and became a rehabilitation specialist and grants writer for the federal
government, died Jan. 6 at a nursing home in Arlington, Wash. He had heart and
kidney ailments.

The death was confirmed by his daughter, Barbara Thomas.

On Jan. 20, 1947, Mr. Jones was a senior at Richard Montgomery High School in
Rockville when powders he was mixing in the science lab exploded. He lost his
hands in the accident. No one else was seriously injured, his family said.

While he tried prosthetic devices after the accident, he was most comfortable
with hooks that operated via straps across his back. Mr. Jones graduated on time
that year.

He subsequently was a rehabilitation specialist with the old U.S. Department of
Health, Education and Welfare and became a supervisor of grants reviewing and
approval for the Department of Health and Human Services before retiring in
1986.

The next year, he moved from Derwood to Washington state and continued grant
review work in the private sector.

Robert Edward Jones was a Takoma Park native. He was a 1953 graduate of the
University of Maryland and received a master's degree in social work from
Catholic University in 1965.

His marriage to Ruth Ann "Nan" Hughes ended in divorce.Survivors include four
children, Robert E. Jones Jr. of Tulalip, Wash., W. Guy Jones of Mill Creek,
Wash., Donald Jones of Derwood and Barbara Thomas of Frederick; a sister; 11
grandchildren; and a great-granddaughter.

- Adam Bernstein

Arthur V. Hillyard

Pepco mechanic

Arthur V. Hillyard, 86, a retired Pepco mechanic, died Jan. 15 at Doctors
Community Hospital in Lanham, his daughter, Dorianne Hillyard Folstein, said. He
had pulmonary disease.

Arthur Valentine Hillyard was born in Washington and graduated from the Milton
Hershey School in Pennsylvania in 1942. During World War II, he served in the
Army in Europe.

After 28 years with Pepco, Mr. Hillyard retired in 1983 as lead mechanic in the
substation construction department.

He lived in College Park and was a former volunteer firefighter with the Cottage
City Fire Department.

Survivors include his wife of 66 years, Frances Elizabeth Lewis Hillyard of
College Park; a daughter, Dorianne Hillyard Folstein of Crofton; a brother; four
grandchildren; and a great-granddaughter.

- Bart Barnes

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             198 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      January 22, 2012 Sunday 8:12 PM EST

Futures and options, week of Jan. 23, 2012

SECTION: ; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 420 words


Monday

}Center for American Progress hosts discussion on Citizens United

}Department of Agriculture opens two-day forum; Crystal Gateway Marriott

}Transportation Research Board hosts four-day meeting; Marriott Wardman Park

}Halliburton, J&J Snack Foods, Syms, Texas Instruments, Tuesday Morning report
earnings

Tuesday

}President Obama delivers State of the Union address

}Federal Open Market Committee begins two-day closed meeting

}House Oversight hearing on TARP and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

}House Budget hearing on markup of budget process reform legislation

}House Judiciary hearing on markup of private-property rights legislation

}Advanced Micro Devices, AK Steel, Apple, Coach, DuPont, Ethan Allen, First
Citizens, Harley-Davidson, Johnson & Johnson, Key, Kimberly-Clark, McDonald's,
Meredith, PMI Group, Quest Diagnostics, Verizon, Yahoo report earnings

Wednesday

}FOMC meeting announcement; Bernanke news conference

}House Energy hearing on jobs and access to oil resources

}House Oversight hearing on Volt electric car battery fires

}House Agriculture hearing on Dodd-Frank Title VII

}House Oversight hearing on federal pension system

}House Oversight hearing on federal misspending

}House Democratic Caucus opens three-day issues conference; Hyatt Regency
Chesapeake Bay

}SAE International opens three-day meeting; Walter E. Washington Convention
Center

}Association of American Colleges and Universities opens four-day conference;
Grand Hyatt Hotel

}National Gay and Lesbian Task Force opens five-day conference; Hilton Baltimore

}National Building Museum hosts talks about D.C. streetcar system and growth at
Tysons Corner

}Boeing, ConocoPhillips, Delta, E-Trade, Exelon, Netflix, Occidental Petroleum,
Piper Jaffray, US Airways, Xerox report earnings

Thursday

}Senate Homeland Security hearing on taxation of mutual fund commodity
investments

}Los Alamos and Lawrence Livermore National Labs host conference on strategic
weapons

}National Academy of Social Insurance opens two-day conference; National Press
Club

}Durable goods orders reported

}New-home sales reported

}3M, Alaska Airlines, AT&T, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Caterpillar, Eastman Kodak,
JetBlue Airways, Lockheed Martin, Raytheon, Sherwin-Williams, Starbucks, Time
Warner, Under Armour report earnings

Friday

}GDP report

}Chevron, Ford Motor, Honeywell, Legg Mason, T. Rowe Price report earnings

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             199 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 22, 2012 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Futures and options, week of Jan. 23, 2012

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 393 words

Monday

}Center for American Progress hosts discussion on Citizens United

}Department of Agriculture opens two-day forum; Crystal Gateway Marriott

}Transportation Research Board hosts four-day meeting; Marriott Wardman Park

}Halliburton, J&J Snack Foods, Syms, Texas Instruments, Tuesday Morning report
earnings

Tuesday

}President Obama delivers State of the Union address

}Federal Open Market Committee begins two-day closed meeting

}House Oversight hearing on TARP and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

}House Budget hearing on markup of budget process reform legislation

}House Judiciary hearing on markup of private-property rights legislation

}Advanced Micro Devices, AK Steel, Apple, Coach, DuPont, Ethan Allen, First
Citizens, Harley-Davidson, Johnson & Johnson, Key, Kimberly-Clark, McDonald's,
Meredith, PMI Group, Quest Diagnostics, Verizon, Yahoo report earnings

Wednesday

}FOMC meeting announcement; Bernanke news conference

}House Energy hearing on jobs and access to oil resources

}House Oversight hearing on Volt electric car battery fires

}House Agriculture hearing on Dodd-Frank Title VII

}House Oversight hearing on federal pension system

}House Oversight hearing on federal misspending

}House Democratic Caucus opens three-day issues conference; Hyatt Regency
Chesapeake Bay

}SAE International opens three-day meeting; Walter E. Washington Convention
Center

}Association of American Colleges and Universities opens four-day conference;
Grand Hyatt Hotel

}National Gay and Lesbian Task Force opens five-day conference; Hilton Baltimore

}National Building Museum hosts talks about D.C. streetcar system and growth at
Tysons Corner

}Boeing, ConocoPhillips, Delta, E-Trade, Exelon, Netflix, Occidental Petroleum,
Piper Jaffray, US Airways, Xerox report earnings

Thursday

}Senate Homeland Security hearing on taxation of mutual fund commodity
investments

}Los Alamos and Lawrence Livermore National Labs host conference on strategic
weapons

}National Academy of Social Insurance opens two-day conference; National Press
Club

}Durable goods orders reported

}New-home sales reported

}3M, Alaska Airlines, AT&T, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Caterpillar, Eastman Kodak,
JetBlue Airways, Lockheed Martin, Raytheon, Sherwin-Williams, Starbucks, Time
Warner, Under Armour report earnings

Friday

}GDP report

}Chevron, Ford Motor, Honeywell, Legg Mason, T. Rowe Price report earnings

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             200 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      January 13, 2012 Friday 8:12 PM EST

Former Litton Industries executive led OMB for Nixon, Ford administrations

BYLINE: Dennis McLellan;- Los Angeles Times

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 626 words


Roy L. Ash, co-founder and former president of Litton Industries who served as
director of the Office of Management and Budget in the 1970s during the Nixon
and Ford administrations, died Dec. 14 at his home in Los Angeles. He was 93.

He had Parkinson's disease, said his wife, Lila Ash.

A Los Angeles native, Mr. Ash was chief financial officer of Hughes Aircraft in
Culver City, Calif., before partnering in 1953 with former Hughes colleague
Charles B. "Tex" Thornton in the founding of a new company. That soon led to the
acquisition of a small microwave tube firm owned by Charles Litton in the San
Francisco Bay Area community of San Carlos.

Through a series of acquisitions, Beverly Hills-based Litton Industries became
one of the fastest-growing conglomerates of the 1950s and '60s, a highly
diversified and multinational company whose products ranged from electronic
typewriters and industrial microwave ovens to ships and electronic guidance
systems for aircraft.

Mr. Ash, who began as the company's chief fiscal officer, became president in
1961. Litton Industries was one of the nation's largest military contractors by
1968, the year Mr. Ash became an adviser to President-elect Richard M. Nixon on
ways to improve management and efficiency in the federal government.

Not long after Nixon took office in 1969, he chose Mr. Ash to head a new review
of the organization of the executive branch. Mr. Ash served as chairman of the
six-member President's Advisory Council on Executive Organization for two years.

One of the recommendations made by the so-called Ash Council was the plan that
created the Office of Management and Budget out of the former Bureau of the
Budget.

In late 1972, Mr. Ash resigned as president of Litton Industries after Nixon
announced that he would appoint him as director of the Office of Management and
Budget, succeeding Caspar W. Weinberger.

Mr. Ash continued as budget director for several months under President Gerald
R. Ford and resigned in late 1974.

Asked if he had brought "radical changes to government," Mr. Ash said in a 1977
Los Angeles Times interview that he "contributed two or three innovations."

"One was to create the Office of Management and Budget out of an agency that had
been traditionally the Bureau of the Budget," he said. "The object was not to
build an empire. I'm one who believes the least government is the best
government. My goal was to impose managerial responsibility on the spending of
more than $300 billion a year.

"As director of OMB, I wanted to bring in a concept that no matter how awesome
its size, government can be made more effective by using management techniques."

In 1976, Mr. Ash was named chairman and chief executive of
Addressograph-Multigraph, a Cleveland-based manufacturer of duplicating machines
and other business equipment. It was renamed AM International in 1979. After he
resigned from the company in 1981, Mr. Ash and his wife divided their time
between Los Angeles and Virginia, where they had three farms.

The son of a Los Angeles hay and grain broker, Roy Lawrence Ash was born Oct.
20, 1918. He was an Army Air Forces veteran of World War II.

Mr. Ash, who had been assigned to Harvard Business School as an officer
candidate and later returned as a statistical management expert, had his
undergraduate requirements waived at the school after the war. He finished first
in his class and earned a master's degree in business administration in 1947.

In 2003, the Ashes endowed the Roy and Lila Ash Center for Democratic Governance
and Innovation at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard
University.

In addition to his wife of 68 years, survivors include five children; nine
grandchildren; and two great-grandchildren.

- Los Angeles Times

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 13, 2012 Friday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Former Litton Industries executive led OMB for Nixon, Ford administrations

BYLINE: Dennis McLellan;- Los Angeles Times

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 622 words


Roy L. Ash, co-founder and former president of Litton Industries who served as
director of the Office of Management and Budget in the 1970s during the Nixon
and Ford administrations, died Dec. 14 at his home in Los Angeles. He was 93.

He had Parkinson's disease, said his wife, Lila Ash.

A Los Angeles native, Mr. Ash was chief financial officer of Hughes Aircraft in
Culver City, Calif., before partnering in 1953 with former Hughes colleague
Charles B. "Tex" Thornton in the founding of a new company. That soon led to the
acquisition of a small microwave tube firm owned by Charles Litton in the San
Francisco Bay Area community of San Carlos.

Through a series of acquisitions, Beverly Hills-based Litton Industries became
one of the fastest-growing conglomerates of the 1950s and '60s, a highly
diversified and multinational company whose products ranged from electronic
typewriters and industrial microwave ovens to ships and electronic guidance
systems for aircraft.

Mr. Ash, who began as the company's chief fiscal officer, became president in
1961. Litton Industries was one of the nation's largest military contractors by
1968, the year Mr. Ash became an adviser to President-elect Richard M. Nixon on
ways to improve management and efficiency in the federal government.

Not long after Nixon took office in 1969, he chose Mr. Ash to head a new review
of the organization of the executive branch. Mr. Ash served as chairman of the
six-member President's Advisory Council on Executive Organization for two years.

One of the recommendations made by the so-called Ash Council was the plan that
created the Office of Management and Budget out of the former Bureau of the
Budget.

In late 1972, Mr. Ash resigned as president of Litton Industries after Nixon
announced that he would appoint him as director of the Office of Management and
Budget, succeeding Caspar W. Weinberger.

Mr. Ash continued as budget director for several months under President Gerald
R. Ford and resigned in late 1974.

Asked if he had brought "radical changes to government," Mr. Ash said in a 1977
Los Angeles Times interview that he "contributed two or three innovations."

"One was to create the Office of Management and Budget out of an agency that had
been traditionally the Bureau of the Budget," he said. "The object was not to
build an empire. I'm one who believes the least government is the best
government. My goal was to impose managerial responsibility on the spending of
more than $300 billion a year.

"As director of OMB, I wanted to bring in a concept that no matter how awesome
its size, government can be made more effective by using management techniques."

In 1976, Mr. Ash was named chairman and chief executive of
Addressograph-Multigraph, a Cleveland-based manufacturer of duplicating machines
and other business equipment. It was renamed AM International in 1979. After he
resigned from the company in 1981, Mr. Ash and his wife divided their time
between Los Angeles and Virginia, where they had three farms.

The son of a Los Angeles hay and grain broker, Roy Lawrence Ash was born Oct.
20, 1918. He was an Army Air Forces veteran of World War II.

Mr. Ash, who had been assigned to Harvard Business School as an officer
candidate and later returned as a statistical management expert, had his
undergraduate requirements waived at the school after the war. He finished first
in his class and earned a master's degree in business administration in 1947.

In 2003, the Ashes endowed the Roy and Lila Ash Center for Democratic Governance
and Innovation at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard
University.

In addition to his wife of 68 years, survivors include five children; nine
grandchildren; and two great-grandchildren.

- Los Angeles Times

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     January 12, 2012 Thursday 8:12 PM EST

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 455 words


James R. Golden             Ford lawyer, lobbyist

James R. Golden, 91, a decorated World War II veteran who retired in 1982 as a
lobbyist for the Ford Motor Co., died Dec. 14 at the Virginia Hospital Center in
Arlington County. He was an Arlington resident.

He had complications from cancer, his daughter Christie Golden said.

Mr. Golden moved to the Washington area in the late 1940s and worked as a
legislative aide on Capitol Hill and as a lawyer in the office of the secretary
of the Air Force. He joined Ford in the 1960s and worked as a lawyer and
lobbyist in the area of international government affairs.

James Ramsey Golden was born in Leesburg, Fla. He was a graduate of Stetson
University in DeLand, Fla. He was a 1947 graduate of the University of Florida
law school in Gainesville.

In World War II, he served in Europe as a fighter pilot in the Army Air Forces.
Forced to bail out over France during the Normandy invasion, he was captured by
the Germans and spent 11 months as a prisoner of war.

His military decorations included the Distinguished Flying Cross and four Air
Medals.

Survivors include his wife of 68 years, Elizabeth Colson Golden of Arlington;
three children, Elizabeth Golden of Asheville, N.C., James R. Golden Jr. of
Arlington and Christie Golden of Denver; a sister; eight grandsons; and a
great-granddaughter.

- T. Rees Shapiro

Jeremiah J. Hetherington             Air Force officer, engineer

Jeremiah J. Hetherington, 76, a retired Air Force lieutenant colonel who later
worked at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory, died Dec. 21 at his home
in Port Republic.

He had Parkinson's disease, according to his stepson, Scott Santasania.

Col. Hetherington enlisted in the Air Force in the 1950s and later was
commissioned as an officer. He specialized in navigation and communications
technology.

After his retirement in 1979, he worked for 16 years at Johns Hopkins, where he
contributed to research on Global Positioning System satellites.

Jeremiah Joseph Hetherington was born in New York. While serving in the Air
Force, he attended the University of Wyoming, where he received a bachelor's
degree in mathematics and a master's degree in electrical engineering.

His memberships included the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.

His marriage to Laura Lynch ended in divorce.

Survivors include his wife of 28 years, Anne Nardone Hetherington of Port
Republic; two sons from his first marriage, Jeremiah Hetherington of  Tampa and
Jason Hetherington of Juneau, Alaska; a stepson, Scott Santasania of Hernando
Beach, Fla.; a sister; a brother; and five grandchildren.

- T. Rees Shapiro

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             203 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     January 12, 2012 Thursday 8:12 PM EST

SECTION: A section; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 791 words


AUTOMOTIVE          Ford recallingSUVs, minivans

Ford is recalling about 490,000 vehicles to repair defects that can cause fires
or loss of power.

The action covers 205,896 Ford Freestar and Mercury Monterey minivans and
244,530 Ford Escape sport-utility vehicles in the United States and about 40,000
Escapes outside the United States, according to statements on the National
Highway Traffic Safety Administration's Web site and from Ford spokesman Dan
Pierce.

"Ford is committed to top quality and responding quickly for our customers
concerning any safety issues," Pierce said.

The Escape recall follows one in 2007, after which Ford said some of the
vehicles may not have been properly repaired.

The 2001 and 2002 model Escape SUVs may have brake-fluid leaks from the caps of
their brake master-cylinder reservoirs, leading to corrosion that may cause
fire, the company said.

"Ford has received a few reports of property damage beyond vehicle-only damage
as a result of alleged vehicle fires," Pierce said of the Escape recall. The
company isn't aware of any accidents or injuries, he said.

Ford is recalling 2004 and 2005 model Freestar and Monterey minivans because the
torque converter output shafts in their power trains may fail and cause a sudden
loss of power. Two minor accidents have been alleged.

- Bloomberg News

food SAFETY          U.S. halts importsof orange juice

The United States has temporarily halted shipments of imported orange juice
while samples are being tested, and said it will return or destroy products
containing even low levels of a banned fungicide.

If levels of the chemical carbendazim are found to be below trace amounts, the
products may be released and sold, the Food and Drug Administration said. Tests
on shipments from Canada found no traces of the chemical, the FDA said
Wednesday.

The fungicide, linked in studies to a higher risk of liver tumors in animals,
was found in trace amounts last month in products from Brazil after Coca-Cola,
which owns the Minute Maid brand, notified the FDA that some Brazilian growers
had sprayed their trees with the chemical.

"This is an industry issue that affects every company that produces products in
the U.S. using orange juice from Brazil," the company said in a statement.
Brazil produces almost one-sixth of the orange juice consumed in the United
States, said CitrusBR, an export industry association.

The FDA testing spurred calls by the Washington-based consumer group Food and
Water Watch for the agency to set standards for wider screenings.

"We're glad they will be testing for this fungicide, but we would like there to
be standards they could enforce for residue levels in food - for this chemical
and others, like arsenic or lead that have been found in other juices," said
Patty Lovera, assistant director of Food and Water Watch.

- Bloomberg News

Also in Business

l   The U.S. Commodity Futures  Trading Commission proposed limits on banks'
proprietary trading and hedge fund investments under the Dodd-Frank Act's
Volcker rule to rein in risky trading at banks. The CFTC voted 3 to 2 to propose
the ban, becoming the last of five regulators to seek public comment on the
proposal. Wednesday's vote opens the measure to 60 days of public comment.

l  Southwest Airlines, which plans to start service to Atlanta next month, said
Wednesday it will add a daily nonstop round trip from Atlanta to Los Angeles
starting June 10. Atlanta is the biggest U.S. city that Southwest does not
serve, but the airline gained a toehold when it bought AirTran Airways in May.

l  Pepsi will pay $3.1 million to settle federal charges of race discrimination
for using criminal background checks to screen out job applicants - even if they
weren't convicted of a crime.

l  Amtrak this year will spend $466 million on 70 new locomotives to enhance the
speed and reliability of rail service in the Northeast Corridor and invest
another $298 million in 130 new rail cars to serve the East Coast and Midwest,
Amtrak President Joe Boardman said in announcing the federally subsidized
passenger rail line's plans for 2012.

l  Denver hedge fund owner Drew "Bo" Brownstein, 35, was sentenced Wednesday to
a year and a day in prison after he admitted making up to $2.5 million by
trading on insider information that he received from a longtime friend.

- From news services

Coming Today

l  8:30 a.m.:Jobless claims.

l  8:30 a.m.:Retail sales report.

l  10 a.m.:National Press Club hosts discussions on economy and poverty with
Suze Orman and Tavis Smiley.

l  Earnings reports:Axion International, Irvine Sensors, Salient Product,
Sono-Tek.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             204 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 432 words

James R. Golden

Ford lawyer, lobbyist

James R. Golden, 91, a decorated World War II veteran who retired in 1982 as a
lobbyist for the Ford Motor Co., died Dec. 14 at the Virginia Hospital Center in
Arlington County. He was an Arlington resident.

He had complications from cancer, his daughter Christie Golden said.

Mr. Golden moved to the Washington area in the late 1940s and worked as a
legislative aide on Capitol Hill and as a lawyer in the office of the secretary
of the Air Force. He joined Ford in the 1960s and worked as a lawyer and
lobbyist in the area of international government affairs.

James Ramsey Golden was born in Leesburg, Fla. He was a graduate of Stetson
University in DeLand, Fla. He was a 1947 graduate of the University of Florida
law school in Gainesville.

In World War II, he served in Europe as a fighter pilot in the Army Air Forces.
Forced to bail out over France during the Normandy invasion, he was captured by
the Germans and spent 11 months as a prisoner of war.

His military decorations included the Distinguished Flying Cross and four Air
Medals.

Survivors include his wife of 68 years, Elizabeth Colson Golden of Arlington;
three children, Elizabeth Golden of Asheville, N.C., James R. Golden Jr. of
Arlington and Christie Golden of Denver; a sister; eight grandsons; and a
great-granddaughter.

- T. Rees Shapiro

Jeremiah J. Hetherington

Air Force officer, engineer

Jeremiah J. Hetherington, 76, a retired Air Force lieutenant colonel who later
worked at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory, died Dec. 21 at his home
in Port Republic.

He had Parkinson's disease, according to his stepson, Scott Santasania.

Col. Hetherington enlisted in the Air Force in the 1950s and later was
commissioned as an officer. He specialized in navigation and communications
technology.

After his retirement in 1979, he worked for 16 years at Johns Hopkins, where he
contributed to research on Global Positioning System satellites.

Jeremiah Joseph Hetherington was born in New York. While serving in the Air
Force, he attended the University of Wyoming, where he received a bachelor's
degree in mathematics and a master's degree in electrical engineering.

His memberships included the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.

His marriage to Laura Lynch ended in divorce.

Survivors include his wife of 28 years, Anne Nardone Hetherington of Port
Republic; two sons from his first marriage, Jeremiah Hetherington of  Tampa and
Jason Hetherington of Juneau, Alaska; a stepson, Scott Santasania of Hernando
Beach, Fla.; a sister; a brother; and five grandchildren.

- T. Rees Shapiro

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             205 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 757 words

AUTOMOTIVE

Ford recallingSUVs, minivans

Ford is recalling about 490,000 vehicles to repair defects that can cause fires
or loss of power.

The action covers 205,896 Ford Freestar and Mercury Monterey minivans and
244,530 Ford Escape sport-utility vehicles in the United States and about 40,000
Escapes outside the United States, according to statements on the National
Highway Traffic Safety Administration's Web site and from Ford spokesman Dan
Pierce.

"Ford is committed to top quality and responding quickly for our customers
concerning any safety issues," Pierce said.

The Escape recall follows one in 2007, after which Ford said some of the
vehicles may not have been properly repaired.

The 2001 and 2002 model Escape SUVs may have brake-fluid leaks from the caps of
their brake master-cylinder reservoirs, leading to corrosion that may cause
fire, the company said.

"Ford has received a few reports of property damage beyond vehicle-only damage
as a result of alleged vehicle fires," Pierce said of the Escape recall. The
company isn't aware of any accidents or injuries, he said.

Ford is recalling 2004 and 2005 model Freestar and Monterey minivans because the
torque converter output shafts in their power trains may fail and cause a sudden
loss of power. Two minor accidents have been alleged.

- Bloomberg News

food SAFETY

U.S. halts importsof orange juice

The United States has temporarily halted shipments of imported orange juice
while samples are being tested, and said it will return or destroy products
containing even low levels of a banned fungicide.

If levels of the chemical carbendazim are found to be below trace amounts, the
products may be released and sold, the Food and Drug Administration said. Tests
on shipments from Canada found no traces of the chemical, the FDA said
Wednesday.

The fungicide, linked in studies to a higher risk of liver tumors in animals,
was found in trace amounts last month in products from Brazil after Coca-Cola,
which owns the Minute Maid brand, notified the FDA that some Brazilian growers
had sprayed their trees with the chemical.

"This is an industry issue that affects every company that produces products in
the U.S. using orange juice from Brazil," the company said in a statement.
Brazil produces almost one-sixth of the orange juice consumed in the United
States, said CitrusBR, an export industry association.

The FDA testing spurred calls by the Washington-based consumer group Food and
Water Watch for the agency to set standards for wider screenings.

"We're glad they will be testing for this fungicide, but we would like there to
be standards they could enforce for residue levels in food - for this chemical
and others, like arsenic or lead that have been found in other juices," said
Patty Lovera, assistant director of Food and Water Watch.

- Bloomberg News

Also in Business

lThe U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission proposed limits on banks'
proprietary trading and hedge fund investments under the Dodd-Frank Act's
Volcker rule to rein in risky trading at banks. The CFTC voted 3 to 2 to propose
the ban, becoming the last of five regulators to seek public comment on the
proposal. Wednesday's vote opens the measure to 60 days of public comment.

lSouthwest Airlines,  which plans to start service to Atlanta next month, said
Wednesday it will add a daily nonstop round trip from Atlanta to Los Angeles
starting June 10. Atlanta is the biggest U.S. city that Southwest does not
serve, but the airline gained a toehold when it bought AirTran Airways in May.

lPepsi will pay $3.1 million to settle federal charges of race discrimination
for using criminal background checks to screen out job applicants - even if they
weren't convicted of a crime.

lAmtrak this year will spend $466 million on 70 new locomotives to enhance the
speed and reliability of rail service in the Northeast Corridor and invest
another $298 million in 130 new rail cars to serve the East Coast and Midwest,
Amtrak President Joe Boardman said in announcing the federally subsidized
passenger rail line's plans for 2012.

lDenver hedge fund owner Drew "Bo" Brownstein, 35, was sentenced Wednesday to a
year and a day in prison after he admitted making up to $2.5 million by trading
on insider information that he received from a longtime friend.

- From news services

Coming Today

l8:30 a.m.: Jobless claims.

l8:30 a.m.: Retail sales report.

l10 a.m.: National Press Club hosts discussions on economy and poverty with Suze
Orman and Tavis Smiley.

lEarnings reports: Axion International, Irvine Sensors, Salient Product,
Sono-Tek.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             206 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      January 10, 2012 Tuesday 8:12 PM EST

Automakers still see electricity as their future

BYLINE: Brad Plumer

SECTION: A section; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 539 words


Hybrids and all-electric vehicles have had a rough go the past year, despite
hype and hope surrounding them. Still, as the 24th annual Detroit auto show
reveals, automakers are continuing to make big bets on the market.

One company that exemplifies the uncertainty ahead is Ford.  The firm is pulling
the plug on its seven-year-old gas-electric Escape sport-utility vehicle, which
has seen sales plunge of late. But on Monday Ford  revealed that it was doubling
down on the future of electric vehicles, announcing three new versions of its
top-selling Fusion family car, including gas-electric and plug-in hybrid models.

The U.S. hybrid market made up just 2.2 percent of auto sales in 2011, down from
2.4 percent in 2010. And more-advanced plug-in cars, such as the Nissan Leaf and
the Chevrolet Volt, sold only 17,345 units last year, missing expectations.

Placed in perspective, though, those modest sales aren't too apocalyptic. Randy
Essex and Ben Holland of the Rocky Mountain Institute observe that when the
first gas-electric hybrid models rolled out in 2000, the Honda Insight and
Toyota Prius had sales of just 9,350. Those figures looked anemic at the time,
too. But the technology eventually caught on and more than 2 million hybrids
have been sold in the United States since then.

If that's any prologue, it could bode well for the future of electric vehicles.
Ford, for one, expects 10 percent of its sales to be either plug-ins or hybrids
by 2020. And the latest round of fuel-economy standards, under which carmakers
have to get their fleet averages up to 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025, should
provide yet more incentives to go electric.

The big unknown, however, is what types of electric vehicles will catch on. Ford
decided on creating different versions of the Fusion, and the company is betting
that gas-electric hybrids will remain the dominant preference for the time
being.

"The majority of people near-term are going to hybrids," Ford chief executive
Alan R. Mulally said at a news conference Monday. "They're just so flexible."

Pure electric vehicles like the Nissan Leaf still face hurdles. There's the
phenomenon of "range anxiety," in which would-be buyers of plug-in electric cars
fret that their batteries will run out of juice and leave them stranded. The
Chevy Volt includes a gas-powered backup engine in order to allay this fear, but
that hiked the car's price tag up to a hefty $39,145. (Buyers can, however,
qualify for a $7,500 federal tax credit.)

Electric cars also have endured panicky headlines over safety of late, after
three Volt batteries caught fire in crash tests.

As with any fledgling technology, this sort of attention may have been
inevitable. General Motors has said it has since resolved the Volt's issues by
adding new protections around the battery, and a government probe into matter is
winding down.

Some analysts noted that the Volt's batteries caught fire days or weeks after
extreme crash testing in the laboratory, and even then the fires only broke out
because post-crash procedures weren't followed.

MSNBC auto analyst Dan Carney snarked, "The lesson here is to get out of a
crashed car within a few days, and be sure to turn off the lights when exiting."

plumerb@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             207 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 10, 2012 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Automakers still see electricity as their future

BYLINE: Brad Plumer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 539 words


Hybrids and all-electric vehicles have had a rough go the past year, despite
hype and hope surrounding them. Still, as the 24th annual Detroit auto show
reveals, automakers are continuing to make big bets on the market.

One company that exemplifies the uncertainty ahead is Ford.  The firm is pulling
the plug on its seven-year-old gas-electric Escape sport-utility vehicle, which
has seen sales plunge of late. But on Monday Ford  revealed that it was doubling
down on the future of electric vehicles, announcing three new versions of its
top-selling Fusion family car, including gas-electric and plug-in hybrid models.

The U.S. hybrid market made up just 2.2 percent of auto sales in 2011, down from
2.4 percent in 2010. And more-advanced plug-in cars, such as the Nissan Leaf and
the Chevrolet Volt, sold only 17,345 units last year, missing expectations.

Placed in perspective, though, those modest sales aren't too apocalyptic. Randy
Essex and Ben Holland of the Rocky Mountain Institute observe that when the
first gas-electric hybrid models rolled out in 2000, the Honda Insight and
Toyota Prius had sales of just 9,350. Those figures looked anemic at the time,
too. But the technology eventually caught on and more than 2 million hybrids
have been sold in the United States since then.

If that's any prologue, it could bode well for the future of electric vehicles.
Ford, for one, expects 10 percent of its sales to be either plug-ins or hybrids
by 2020. And the latest round of fuel-economy standards, under which carmakers
have to get their fleet averages up to 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025, should
provide yet more incentives to go electric.

The big unknown, however, is what types of electric vehicles will catch on. Ford
decided on creating different versions of the Fusion, and the company is betting
that gas-electric hybrids will remain the dominant preference for the time
being.

"The majority of people near-term are going to hybrids," Ford chief executive
Alan R. Mulally said at a news conference Monday. "They're just so flexible."

Pure electric vehicles like the Nissan Leaf still face hurdles. There's the
phenomenon of "range anxiety," in which would-be buyers of plug-in electric cars
fret that their batteries will run out of juice and leave them stranded. The
Chevy Volt includes a gas-powered backup engine in order to allay this fear, but
that hiked the car's price tag up to a hefty $39,145. (Buyers can, however,
qualify for a $7,500 federal tax credit.)

Electric cars also have endured panicky headlines over safety of late, after
three Volt batteries caught fire in crash tests.

As with any fledgling technology, this sort of attention may have been
inevitable. General Motors has said it has since resolved the Volt's issues by
adding new protections around the battery, and a government probe into matter is
winding down.

Some analysts noted that the Volt's batteries caught fire days or weeks after
extreme crash testing in the laboratory, and even then the fires only broke out
because post-crash procedures weren't followed.

MSNBC auto analyst Dan Carney snarked, "The lesson here is to get out of a
crashed car within a few days, and be sure to turn off the lights when exiting."

plumerb@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             208 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     December 15, 2011 Thursday 8:11 PM EST

Charlottesville: Make a day out of it.

BYLINE: Terri Sapienza

SECTION: Metro; Pg. T11

LENGTH: 433 words


Charlottesville resident and shop owner Christy Ford gives us a rundown of some
of the best places to visit while in her town, which is less than three hours
from Washington.

At the top of her list, of course, is And George, the home furnishings shop she
owns with her mother, interior designer Jan Roden. The charming cottage
storefront carries an appealing assortment of antiques, vintage and new
furniture and accessories as well as mix of traditional and modern styles (3465
Ivy Rd., 434-244-2800, www.andgeorge.com).

For more must-see destinations, pick up a free copy of the Charlottesville
edition of Ford's Scout Guide, which can be found at select independent
retailers.           Where to stay

Keswick Hall. Ford says you'll be transported to Tuscany when you stay at this
resort, which is at the foot of the Blue Ridge Mountains. "It's warm, cozy and
charming," she says, "and just enough of a luxury." 701 Club Drive, Keswick, Va.
888-778-2565. www.keswick.com.

Where to eat

Main Street Market, between the bus and train stations on West Main Street,
is an emporium of food shops including:

Albemarle Baking Co. "An amazing European-style bakery," says Ford. "The
princess cake is our all-time favorite." www.albemarlebakingco.com.

Feast! Ford calls this food market, where you'll also find soups, salads and
sandwiches, "Charlottesville's version of Dean & Deluca." www.feastvirginia.com.

Two of Ford's favorite places for dinner:

Mas. "Great tapas," she says. 501 Monticello Rd. 434-979-0990. www.mastapas.com.

Tavolo. When she's craving Italian, Ford heads straight to this "quaint
trattoria." 826 Hinton Ave. 434-972-9463. www.tavolovino.com.
Where to shop

Downtown Mall. A roughly seven-block stretch of restaurants, shopping and street
vendors. The Caspari flagship store can be found here.

Kenny Ball Antiques. Specializing in European antiques, this shop is in an
unassuming shopping center along with the Eternal Attic consignment shop,
Joseph, Joseph and Joseph Antiques and Mirabelle Antiques. 2125 Ivy Rd., Ivy
Square. 434-293-1361. www.kennyballantiques.com.

The Curious Orange. Antiques and random finds housed in an old service station.
2845 Ivy Rd. 434-984-1042. www.thecuriousorangestore.com.

Ivy Nursery. If you want something special for your garden, Ford says this
nursery is not to be missed. Route 250 West. 434-295-1183. www.ivynursery.com.

- Terri Sapienza

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             209 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

Charlottesville: Make a day out of it.

BYLINE: Terri Sapienza

SECTION: METRO; Pg. T11

LENGTH: 409 words


Charlottesville resident and shop owner Christy Ford gives us a rundown of some
of the best places to visit while in her town, which is less than three hours
from Washington.

At the top of her list, of course, is And George, the home furnishings shop she
owns with her mother, interior designer Jan Roden. The charming cottage
storefront carries an appealing assortment of antiques, vintage and new
furniture and accessories as well as mix of traditional and modern styles (3465
Ivy Rd., 434-244-2800, www.andgeorge.com).

http://www.andgeorge.com/For more must-see destinations, pick up a free copy of
the Charlottesville edition of Ford's Scout Guide, which can be found at select
independent retailers.

Where to stay

Keswick Hall. Ford says you'll be transported to Tuscany when you stay at this
resort, which is at the foot of the Blue Ridge Mountains. "It's warm, cozy and
charming," she says, "and just enough of a luxury." 701 Club Drive, Keswick, Va.
888-778-2565. www.keswick.com.

Where to eat

Main Street Market, between the bus and train stations on West Main Street,
http://www.themainstmarket.com/is an emporium of food shops including:

Albemarle Baking Co. "An amazing European-style bakery," says Ford. "The
princess cake is our all-time favorite." www.albemarlebakingco.com.

Feast! Ford calls this food market, where you'll also find soups, salads and
sandwiches, "Charlottesville's version of Dean & Deluca." www.feastvirginia.com.

Two of Ford's favorite places for dinner:

Mas. "Great tapas," she says. 501 Monticello Rd. 434-979-0990. www.mastapas.com.

Tavolo. When she's craving Italian, Ford heads straight to this "quaint
trattoria." 826 Hinton Ave. 434-972-9463.
www.tavolovino.com.http://www.tavolavino.com/

Where to shop

Downtown Mall. A roughly seven-block stretch of restaurants, shopping and street
vendors. The Caspari flagship store can be found here.

Kenny Ball Antiques. Specializing in European antiques, this shop is in an
unassuming shopping center along with the Eternal Attic consignment shop,
Joseph, Joseph and Joseph Antiques and Mirabelle Antiques. 2125 Ivy Rd., Ivy
Square. 434-293-1361. www.kennyballantiques.com.

The Curious Orange. Antiques and random finds housed in an old service station.
2845 Ivy Rd. 434-984-1042. www.thecuriousorangestore.com.

Ivy Nursery. If you want something special for your garden, Ford says this
nursery is not to be missed. Route 250 West. 434-295-1183. www.ivynursery.com.

- Terri Sapienza

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Alexandria-Arlington

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             210 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      December 9, 2011 Friday 8:11 PM EST

SECTION: A section; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 854 words


PHARMACEUTICAL          Vast database to aid in drug development

U.S. researchers have gained access to a database of 2.4 million chemical
formulas and diagrams culled from 24 years' worth of patent applications and
medical journals.

Scientists can use the database, to be housed at the National Institutes of
Health, to identify new candidates for drug development, new uses for existing
drugs, and as leads for a wide array of scientific studies.

IBM, the world's biggest computer-services provider, created the database by
extracting from about 4.7 million  patents from around the world and from 11
million biomedical journal abstracts from 1976 to 2000.

Researchers can search the database free. IBM also plans to sell a product that
will produce more sophisticated analysis of the database that can tell customers
who is conducting research on specific therapies.

- Bloomberg  News

anti-piracy          Trade agency tapped to fight Web sites

The International Trade Commission would take the lead role in fighting foreign
Web sites trafficking in illegal content and counterfeit goods under a draft
bill released Thursday by Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) and Rep. Darrell Issa
(R-Calif.)

The bill is intended as an alternative to Hollywood-backedanti-piracy bills that
pit the movie and music industries - which want a stronger crackdown on online
piracy - against Google, Facebook and other Web companies that say the bills may
ensnare legitimate Web sites and threaten the U.S. technology industry.

The draft bill lets U.S. intellectual-property owners petition the trade agency
to investigate foreign Web sites linked to piracy. The commission could then
issue cease-and-desist orders against foreign Web sites. Those orders could be
used to force U.S.-based payment and advertising companies to stop providing
services to such sites.

Hollywood-backed measures would allow the Justice Department to seek court
orders forcing Internet service providers, search engines, payment services and
advertising networks to block or cease business with foreign Web sites linked to
piracy. They would also give intellectual-property owners, through private
action and in court, the ability to push U.S. payment processors and
online-advertising services to stop doing business with foreign Web sites.

- Bloomberg News

Also in Business

l Ford Motordeclared a five-cent quarterly dividend, its first payout to
shareholders in more than five years. The dividend will be paid March 1 . Ford
earned $9.28 billion in the past two years after losing $30.1 billion from 2006
through 2008.

l Shares of petroleum refining companiesdropped Thursday as investors worried
that weak demand for gas and other fuels may squeeze refiners' profit margins as
crude prices rise. Crude oil has climbed in recent months to almost $100 per
barrel, while gasoline prices have fallen about 9 percent from a year ago. And
gasoline prices could fall further:  Government figures show that U.S. demand
this year could reach its lowest level since 2003.

l Exxon Mobilexpects to see more hybrids on the road, with gas-sipping models
like the Toyota Prius making up half of all global vehicles by 2040. The largest
publicly traded oil and gas company on Thursday released its annual energy
outlook. It says the use of hybrids - vehicles that rely on both gas and
electricity for power - and other gains in fuel efficiency will keep energy
demand in check in the United States and other major industrialized countries
for years. Exxon predicts that energy demand will remain flat through 2040 in
developed nations.

l The average rate on the 30-year fixed-rate mortgageticked down to 3.99 percent
this week.  But the super-low rates aren't providing a lift to the struggling
housing market. Rates have been below 5 percent for all but two weeks this year.
Yet 2011 could end as the worst for home sales in 14 years.

l A new but stripped-down antitrust rulereleased Thursday requires meat
companies to give farmers the right to take poultry companies to court for
alleged contract violations. The new guidelines also say  it might be illegal if
companies require farmers to borrow money to upgrade chicken houses as "the
result of coercion, retaliation or threats of coercion." Other reforms sought by
farmers were opposed by meat companies, and Congress voted last month to
prohibit the Department of Agriculture from passing most portions of proposed
reform.

l               Goldtraders are more bullish as investors buy metal at the
fastest pace in a year to protect their wealth from Europe's escalating debt
crisis. Holdings in exchange-traded products backed by gold rose 108.6 metric
tons since  October. The extra bullion is valued at $5.99 billion. Bullion rose
21 percent, to $1,715.30 an ounce, this year on the Comex in New York and
reached a record $1,923.70 in September.

- From news services

Coming Today

l  8:30 a.m.International trade report.

AUTOMOTIVE

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             211 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                    November 30, 2011 Wednesday 8:11 PM EST

SECTION: A section; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 726 words


THE ECONOMY          Confidence index makes 15-point leap

A gauge of consumer confidence jumped in November to the highest level since
July on improved expectations for the economy, the Conference Board reported
Tuesday.

The index rose more than 15 points, the largest gain since 2003, to 56 in
November. The figure for October was 40.9, revised up from an earlier estimate
of 39.8.

"Consumers appear to be entering the holiday season in better spirits, though
overall readings remain historically weak," Lynn Franco, director of the
consumer research center at the Conference Board, said in a statement.

With improving employment figures and lower gas prices, economists polled by
MarketWatch had expected a reading of 45 for November, with the gain curtailed
by volatility in stocks and in European markets and by gridlock over the U.S.
deficit.

Despite the confidence gain in November, consumers remain concerned about jobs.

- McClatchy-Tribune

AUTOMOTIVE          Ford optimistic after a strong November

Ford Motor said U.S. auto sales rose in November, led by sales of small
sport-utility vehicles.

"There's reason to feel good about November," Erich Merkle, Ford's sales
analyst, told reporters today at the company's Dearborn, Mich., headquarters.
"We think there's probably a level that would put us in the mid-13 million range
as an industry."

Sales of small SUVs, which include Ford's Escape, "reign supreme," he said.

Ford includes medium- and heavy-truck sales in its industrywide annual selling
rate, which adds about 200,000 to the total.

The sales rate in November 2010 was 12.3 million, according to researcher
Autodata. General Motors also has said it expects an increase this month. Don
Johnson, vice president of U.S. sales, said Nov. 15 at an investor conference
that the November sales rate, including medium- and heavy-duty trucks, may reach
14 million.

- Bloomberg News

Also in Business

l  The Obama administration is appealing a judge's order blocking a requirement
that tobacco companies put graphic images warning about the dangers of smoking
on cigarette packs. U.S. District Judge Richard Leon ruled earlier this month
that the cigarette makers are likely to succeed in a lawsuit to stop a Food and
Drug Administration requirement that they put images across the top half of all
their packs.

l  Banana giant Chiquita Brands International confirmed Tuesday it will move its
global headquarters from Cincinnati to Charlotte after a North Carolina economic
development panel approved an incentives deal worth more than $22 million. North
Carolina's Economic Investment Committee voted Tuesday in favor of the deal,
which will bring at least 375 high-paying jobs to the state by 2014.

l  SolarCity and Bank of America Merrill Lynch             have agreed on
financing terms for a five-year SolarCity plan to build more than $1 billion in
solar power projects for privatized U.S. military housing communities across the
country. The solar developer could install rooftop panels on up to 120,000
rooftops. SolarCity had been given conditional approval for an Energy Department
loan guarantee in September, but the program ended before final approval could
be obtained. SolarCity chief executive Lyndon Rive said, "If it weren't for
that, we wouldn't have spent the energy needed to get [the Bank of America deal]
all done."

l  Seeking to bolster relationships with corporate customers, Research In Motion
will offer companies software to manage Apple's iPhones and other handsets that
are increasingly displacing RIM's once-dominant BlackBerry. BlackBerry Mobile
Fusion, as the device-management software is known, will be available in the
first quarter and can run alongside or replace the BlackBerry Enterprise Server
networks RIM operates for companies and government agencies.

- From staff reports and news services

Coming Today

l  8:30 a.m.:Bureau of Labor Statistics Productivity and Costs.

l  10 a.m.:House Financial Services markup session on legislation related to job
growth, business risk and Dodd-Frank.

l  2 p.m.: Fed "beige book."

l  Earnings reports: Express, Guess, Krispy Kreme and LaZ-Boy.

- From news services

MANUFACTURING

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             212 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          November 30, 2011 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 682 words

THE ECONOMY

Confidence index makes 15-point leap

A gauge of consumer confidence jumped in November to the highest level since
July on improved expectations for the economy, the Conference Board reported
Tuesday.

The index rose more than 15 points, the largest gain since 2003, to 56 in
November. The figure for October was 40.9, revised up from an earlier estimate
of 39.8.

"Consumers appear to be entering the holiday season in better spirits, though
overall readings remain historically weak," Lynn Franco, director of the
consumer research center at the Conference Board, said in a statement.

With improving employment figures and lower gas prices, economists polled by
MarketWatch had expected a reading of 45 for November, with the gain curtailed
by volatility in stocks and in European markets and by gridlock over the U.S.
deficit.

Despite the confidence gain in November, consumers remain concerned about jobs.

- McClatchy-Tribune

AUTOMOTIVE

Ford optimistic after a strong November

Ford Motor said U.S. auto sales rose in November, led by sales of small
sport-utility vehicles.

"There's reason to feel good about November," Erich Merkle, Ford's sales
analyst, told reporters today at the company's Dearborn, Mich., headquarters.
"We think there's probably a level that would put us in the mid-13 million range
as an industry."

Sales of small SUVs, which include Ford's Escape, "reign supreme," he said.

Ford includes medium- and heavy-truck sales in its industrywide annual selling
rate, which adds about 200,000 to the total.

The sales rate in November 2010 was 12.3 million, according to researcher
Autodata. General Motors also has said it expects an increase this month. Don
Johnson, vice president of U.S. sales, said Nov. 15 at an investor conference
that the November sales rate, including medium- and heavy-duty trucks, may reach
14 million.

- Bloomberg News

Also in Business

lThe Obama administration is appealing a judge's order blocking a requirement
that tobacco companies put graphic images warning about the dangers of smoking
on cigarette packs. U.S. District Judge Richard Leon ruled earlier this month
that the cigarette makers are likely to succeed in a lawsuit to stop a Food and
Drug Administration requirement that they put images across the top half of all
their packs.

lBanana giant Chiquita Brands International confirmed Tuesday it will move its
global headquarters from Cincinnati to Charlotte after a North Carolina economic
development panel approved an incentives deal worth more than $22 million. North
Carolina's Economic Investment Committee voted Tuesday in favor of the deal,
which will bring at least 375 high-paying jobs to the state by 2014.

lSolarCity and Bank of America Merrill Lynch  have agreed on financing terms for
a five-year SolarCity plan to build more than $1 billion in solar power projects
for privatized U.S. military housing communities across the country. The solar
developer could install rooftop panels on up to 120,000 rooftops. SolarCity had
been given conditional approval for an Energy Department loan guarantee in
September, but the program ended before final approval could be obtained.
SolarCity chief executive Lyndon Rive said, "If it weren't for that, we wouldn't
have spent the energy needed to get [the Bank of America deal] all done."

lSeeking to bolster relationships with corporate customers, Research In Motion
will offer companies software to manage Apple's iPhones and other handsets that
are increasingly displacing RIM's once-dominant BlackBerry. BlackBerry Mobile
Fusion, as the device-management software is known, will be available in the
first quarter and can run alongside or replace the BlackBerry Enterprise Server
networks RIM operates for companies and government agencies.

- From staff reports and news services

Coming Today

l8:30 a.m.: Bureau of Labor Statistics Productivity and Costs.

l10 a.m.: House Financial Services markup session on legislation related to job
growth, business risk and Dodd-Frank.

l2 p.m.: Fed "beige book."

lEarnings reports:Express, Guess, Krispy Kreme and LaZ-Boy.

- From news services

MANUFACTURING

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             213 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     November 24, 2011 Thursday 8:11 PM EST

Feast on these 2011 turkeys

BYLINE: George F. Will

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. A31

LENGTH: 792 words


"People who live in a Golden Age usually go around complaining how yellow
everything looks."

- Randall Jarrell,"A Sad Heart at the Supermarket"

This is not a Golden Age, which distinguishes it from no other age. Although we
are told it is our duty to be morose about the nation's trajectory, many
satisfying, edifying or entertaining things have happened this year. So on
Thanksgiving, which still keeps Super Bowl Sunday in second place on the list of
days when Americans eat the most, gorge yourself on some reasons for feeling at
least a bit grateful for 2011:

A new genre of humor was born, the currency crisis joke. A Spaniard, an Italian
and a Greek go into a bar. They drink until dawn. Who pays the tab? A German.

The euro is unraveling and might dissolve the European Union, that product of
transnational progressivism based on the belief that national sovereignty should
be leached away to clever experts who, uninhibited by the consent of the
governed, can create clever things like the euro.

In 2011, someone asked how an Amtrak employee with a $21,000 salary earned
$149,000 in overtime.

A week after Barack Obama cited an Ohio restaurant as a beneficiary of the
Chrysler bailout, the restaurant closed.

The reputation of a mass murderer was tweaked by Russia's chief investigator
reporting that "there is no reliable document" proving the "instigation" of
Lenin in the 1918 murder of Czar Nicholas II, his wife and five children.

No one saw the possible problem with the word "despite" in this headline: "Gun
crime continues to decrease, despite increase in gun sales."

In Texas, Georgia, Wisconsin, Iowa, Pennsylvania and Maryland, lemonade stands
run by scofflaw children were put out of business in a government crackdown
against wee people who commit capitalism without getting the requisite
bureaucratic permissions.

Ford Motor Co. issued a careful nondenial when some incorrigible cynics wondered
whether political pressure from Detroit's Washington masters caused Ford to take
down a YouTube ad in which a customer says he is in a Ford showroom because "I
wasn't going to buy another car that was bailed out by our government."

In a television commercial for Ameriprise Financial, actor Tommy Lee Jones says:
"Helping generations through tough times, good times, never taking a bailout."

Manning the ramparts on the wall of separation between church and state, a
Seattle teacher required Easter eggs to be called "spring spheres."

Chicago's new mayor, Rahm Emanuel, told an interviewer - before bolting from the
interview - that he sends his children to private schools because "my children
are not an instrument of me being mayor. . . . I'm making this decision as a
father."

In the year when Americans became aware that there is more student debt than
credit card debt, Yale offered a course on how people with disabilities are
portrayed in fiction: "We will examine how characters serve as figures of
otherness, transcendence, physicality or abjection. Later may come examination
questions on regulative discourse, performativity and frameworks of
intelligibility."

"I carpooled this morning with my trooper," explained Massachusetts Gov. Deval
Patrick when, during what he designated "Car-Free Week" to save the planet, be
healthy, etc., he was seen commuting in his SUV.

When the Wisconsin Education Association Council, having spent liberally
defending public-sector union privileges, announced it was laying off 40 percent
of its staff, it was denounced by the National Staff Organization, a union for
employees of education unions.

Anticipating a theme from America's economist in chief, who would soon suggest
that ATMs and ticket kiosks at airports aggravate unemployment, Rep. Jesse
Jackson Jr. said the iPad is "responsible for eliminating thousands of American
jobs,"  such as "all of the jobs associated with paper."

A market research firm found that people who buy the $43,000 Chevy Volt (seats
four in space not taken by its 400-pound battery) or the $34,500 Nissan Leaf,
and who get a $7,500 government bribe (a.k.a. tax credit) for doing so, have
average annual incomes of $150,000, and half of the buyers own at least two
other vehicles.

Under the Essential Air Service program -  yes, essential - the federal
government contributed $3,720 to subsidize the cost of flying each passenger
between Denver and Ely, Nev.

Only about one in five drivers (according to State Farm research) admits to
surfing the Internet while driving, which means that perhaps 80 percent of the
drivers in front, behind and next to you are not.

Doris Day, 87, released an album of new songs. Que sera, sera.

georgewill@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             214 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 24, 2011 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Feast on these 2011 turkeys

BYLINE: George F. Will

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A31

LENGTH: 771 words


"People who live in a Golden Age usually go around complaining how yellow
everything looks."

- Randall Jarrell,"A Sad Heart at the Supermarket"

This is not a Golden Age, which distinguishes it from no other age. Although we
are told it is our duty to be morose about the nation's trajectory, many
satisfying, edifying or entertaining things have happened this year. So on
Thanksgiving, which still keeps Super Bowl Sunday in second place on the list of
days when Americans eat the most, gorge yourself on some reasons for feeling at
least a bit grateful for 2011:

A new genre of humor was born, the currency crisis joke. A Spaniard, an Italian
and a Greek go into a bar. They drink until dawn. Who pays the tab? A German.

The euro is unraveling and might dissolve the European Union, that product of
transnational progressivism based on the belief that national sovereignty should
be leached away to clever experts who, uninhibited by the consent of the
governed, can create clever things like the euro.

In 2011, someone asked how an Amtrak employee with a $21,000 salary earned
$149,000 in overtime.

A week after Barack Obama cited an Ohio restaurant as a beneficiary of the
Chrysler bailout, the restaurant closed.

The reputation of a mass murderer was tweaked by Russia's chief investigator
reporting that "there is no reliable document" proving the "instigation" of
Lenin in the 1918 murder of Czar Nicholas II, his wife and five children.

No one saw the possible problem with the word "despite" in this headline: "Gun
crime continues to decrease, despite increase in gun sales."

In Texas, Georgia, Wisconsin, Iowa, Pennsylvania and Maryland, lemonade stands
run by scofflaw children were put out of business in a government crackdown
against wee people who commit capitalism without getting the requisite
bureaucratic permissions.

Ford Motor Co. issued a careful nondenial when some incorrigible cynics wondered
whether political pressure from Detroit's Washington masters caused Ford to take
down a YouTube ad in which a customer says he is in a Ford showroom because "I
wasn't going to buy another car that was bailed out by our government."

In a television commercial for Ameriprise Financial, actor Tommy Lee Jones says:
"Helping generations through tough times, good times, never taking a bailout."

Manning the ramparts on the wall of separation between church and state, a
Seattle teacher required Easter eggs to be called "spring spheres."

Chicago's new mayor, Rahm Emanuel, told an interviewer - before bolting from the
interview - that he sends his children to private schools because "my children
are not an instrument of me being mayor. . . . I'm making this decision as a
father."

In the year when Americans became aware that there is more student debt than
credit card debt, Yale offered a course on how people with disabilities are
portrayed in fiction: "We will examine how characters serve as figures of
otherness, transcendence, physicality or abjection. Later may come examination
questions on regulative discourse, performativity and frameworks of
intelligibility."

"I carpooled this morning with my trooper," explained Massachusetts Gov. Deval
Patrick when, during what he designated "Car-Free Week" to save the planet, be
healthy, etc., he was seen commuting in his SUV.

When the Wisconsin Education Association Council, having spent liberally
defending public-sector union privileges, announced it was laying off 40 percent
of its staff, it was denounced by the National Staff Organization, a union for
employees of education unions.

Anticipating a theme from America's economist in chief, who would soon suggest
that ATMs and ticket kiosks at airports aggravate unemployment, Rep. Jesse
Jackson Jr. said the iPad is "responsible for eliminating thousands of American
jobs," such as "all of the jobs associated with paper."

A market research firm found that people who buy the $43,000 Chevy Volt (seats
four in space not taken by its 400-pound battery) or the $34,500 Nissan Leaf,
and who get a $7,500 government bribe (a.k.a. tax credit) for doing so, have
average annual incomes of $150,000, and half of the buyers own at least two
other vehicles.

Under the Essential Air Service program -  yes, essential - the federal
government contributed $3,720 to subsidize the cost of flying each passenger
between Denver and Ely, Nev.

Only about one in five drivers (according to State Farm research) admits to
surfing the Internet while driving, which means that perhaps 80 percent of the
drivers in front, behind and next to you are not.

Doris Day, 87, released an album of new songs. Que sera, sera.

georgewill@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             215 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      November 20, 2011 Sunday 8:11 PM EST

A 1913 Ford took 'Mr. Lovettsville' down a different road A 1913 Ford took 'Mr.
Lovettsville' down a different road

BYLINE: Eugene Scheel

SECTION: ; Pg. T03

LENGTH: 1468 words


Lovettsville is 200 years old this year. In 1811, Luscious "Luke" Thrasher
opened a post office that he named Thrasher's Store and that town historian Tom
Bullock places on Broad Way, near today's Market Table Bistro.

Name changes followed  - Newtown, then Loudoun City and, finally, Lovettsville
in 1828, for Quaker farmer David Lovett, who, realizing that flowing springs fed
the few homes and businesses there, started to sell lots in 1820.

Germans from Pennsylvania and Maryland  first settled the area almost 100 years
earlier, thinking the land wasn't owned by anyone. It was, and the Germans
became tenants, always described as industrious, a trait passed down to Carroll
Eugene "Gene" Ridgeway, who might be called "Mr. Lovettsville."

In July 1949, he opened Ridgeway Used Cars, the town's oldest business, now run
by his children and grandchildren. He told me that he and sidekick Bob Eagle
took in $5.54 the first day of business.

Although Ridgeway retired at 82 in 2007, he still goes into the office, where we
sat recently as he talked for nearly two hours about his youth.

Ridgeway's parents, Roy and Corradis, rented two farms of 130 and 190 acres from
Ella Clapham and received half of the year's profits from selling corn, grain,
cattle, hogs and dairy products.

"Miss Ella, we called her. That's what she liked," Ridgeway said. "She told Dad,
'Roy, I've had people come on my farm and let it grow'd up. You've kept this
place clean, even grubbed up weeds along the road.' "

Ridgeway recalled that his father said of Clapham, "She gives me a boost."

"Roy worked from 4 o'clock in the morning till 6, 7, 9 at night. He was a
worker. We pitched wheat; kept batteries in [neighbors'] cars [to light the
area] or had a moonlight wheat harvest. We had six horses. Three would pull a
wagon with three or four tons on it."

Ridgeway recalls a neighbor for whom Roy harvested wheat, saying, " 'You're the
greatest worker in the world. Wish I could pay you a little more.' When you work
for pennies a day, you don't know how hard it is. That's the way my dad was. He
worked till the day he died at 83.

"My mother passed away when I was 6," at age 27, Ridgeway said. "She died from
pneumonia. Louise [his stepmother] brought me up - a worker, quiet, easygoing.
My little sister, Minnie Virginia - died at 3 months, from a chest infection.
Rocked that little one in my arms. Got her up. Held her in the morning. Held her
in the evening. We couldn't get a doctor until Dr. [Thomas] Strother drove down
from Brunswick.

"I started milking seven cows when I was in the second grade" at Milltown
School, he said. "Bottle-fed lambs warm milk right from the cow."

Despite all of the hard work, money was scarce.

"We had no car, no phone, no nothing. We got one pair of shoes to do everything;
had to wait our turn to get a pair. The cheapest shoes I seen my daddy pay for -
$1.35 from Raymond 'Piggy' Paxson in Waterford.

"At least we had food to eat - puddin', hominy, scrapple. That's all we ate:
white corn meal. I think I was always hungry.

"My dad asked Pete and me when I was 11 or 12, 'What are you going to do?'

"Pete replied, 'All I know is farming. I tend horses and cows.' A neighbor had
said to him, 'I've never seen horses so brushed down, slick as an eel.' "

Ridgeway then turned to his younger son. " 'Gene,' he said, 'There's no money in
[farming]. But I'll teach you everything I know. I've done it all.' I told my
dad, Uncle Ernest [Carroll Ridgeway] put me out there the first day with this
275-pound plow. 'I couldn't get it up [turned around].' The horses' insides
would be jumpin'. They were ringing wet and shaking. I couldn't hack 110 degrees
in the shade. 'Dad,' I said, 'I love the horses, but I can't fight 'em.' Horses,
cows and corn - that's all I knew" - until he was 13.

A neighbor, Herndon Everhart, gave Ridgeway a 1913 Ford coupe that had been left
on his property. "Chickens had rested in it. Hadn't run in 10 years," Ridgeway
recalled. "I tinkered with it, brought down a gallon of gas, and made it work.
Then I cut my teeth on Chevrolets."

I asked Ridgeway, self-employed for 58 years, what traits were important.

"Greed doesn't solve a thing,"he replied. "You've got to be honest. And if
you've done something you shouldn't have, he [Ridgeway pointed to the sky] is
the first one to find out. I talk to him every day."

Eugene Scheel is a mapmaker and historian who lives in Waterford.

Lovettsville is 200 years old this year. In 1811, Luscious "Luke" Thrasher
opened a post office that he named Thrasher's Store and that town historian Tom
Bullock places on Broad Way, near today's Market Table Bistro.

Name changes followed  - Newtown, then Loudoun City and, finally, Lovettsville
in 1828, for Quaker farmer David Lovett, who, realizing that flowing springs fed
the few homes and businesses there, started to sell lots in 1820.

Germans from Pennsylvania and Maryland  first settled the area almost 100 years
earlier, thinking the land wasn't owned by anyone. It was, and the Germans
became tenants, always described as industrious, a trait passed down to Carroll
Eugene "Gene" Ridgeway, who might be called "Mr. Lovettsville."

In July 1949, he opened Ridgeway Used Cars, the town's oldest business, now run
by his children and grandchildren. He told me that he and sidekick Bob Eagle
took in $5.54 the first day of business.

Although Ridgeway retired at 82 in 2007, he still goes into the office, where we
sat recently as he talked for nearly two hours about his youth.

Ridgeway's parents, Roy and Corradis, rented two farms of 130 and 190 acres from
Ella Clapham and received half of the year's profits from selling corn, grain,
cattle, hogs and dairy products.

"Miss Ella, we called her. That's what she liked," Ridgeway said. "She told Dad,
'Roy, I've had people come on my farm and let it grow'd up. You've kept this
place clean, even grubbed up weeds along the road.' "

Ridgeway recalled that his father said of Clapham, "She gives me a boost."

"Roy worked from 4 o'clock in the morning till 6, 7, 9 at night. He was a
worker. We pitched wheat; kept batteries in [neighbors'] cars [to light the
area] or had a moonlight wheat harvest. We had six horses. Three would pull a
wagon with three or four tons on it."

Ridgeway recalls a neighbor for whom Roy harvested wheat, saying, " 'You're the
greatest worker in the world. Wish I could pay you a little more.' When you work
for pennies a day, you don't know how hard it is. That's the way my dad was. He
worked till the day he died at 83.

"My mother passed away when I was 6," at age 27, Ridgeway said. "She died from
pneumonia. Louise [his stepmother] brought me up - a worker, quiet, easygoing.
My little sister, Minnie Virginia - died at 3 months, from a chest infection.
Rocked that little one in my arms. Got her up. Held her in the morning. Held her
in the evening. We couldn't get a doctor until Dr. [Thomas] Strother drove down
from Brunswick.

"I started milking seven cows when I was in the second grade" at Milltown
School, he said. "Bottle-fed lambs warm milk right from the cow."

Despite all of the hard work, money was scarce.

"We had no car, no phone, no nothing. We got one pair of shoes to do everything;
had to wait our turn to get a pair. The cheapest shoes I seen my daddy pay for -
$1.35 from Raymond 'Piggy' Paxson in Waterford.

"At least we had food to eat - puddin', hominy, scrapple. That's all we ate:
white corn meal. I think I was always hungry.

"My dad asked Pete and me when I was 11 or 12, 'What are you going to do?'

"Pete replied, 'All I know is farming. I tend horses and cows.' A neighbor had
said to him, 'I've never seen horses so brushed down, slick as an eel.' "

Ridgeway then turned to his younger son. " 'Gene,' he said, 'There's no money in
[farming]. But I'll teach you everything I know. I've done it all.' I told my
dad, Uncle Ernest [Carroll Ridgeway] put me out there the first day with this
275-pound plow. 'I couldn't get it up [turned around].' The horses' insides
would be jumpin'. They were ringing wet and shaking. I couldn't hack 110 degrees
in the shade. 'Dad,' I said, 'I love the horses, but I can't fight 'em.' Horses,
cows and corn - that's all I knew" - until he was 13.

A neighbor, Herndon Everhart, gave Ridgeway a 1913 Ford coupe that had been left
on his property. "Chickens had rested in it. Hadn't run in 10 years," Ridgeway
recalled. "I tinkered with it, brought down a gallon of gas, and made it work.
Then I cut my teeth on Chevrolets."

I asked Ridgeway, self-employed for 58 years, what traits were important.

"Greed doesn't solve a thing,"he replied. "You've got to be honest. And if
you've done something you shouldn't have, he [Ridgeway pointed to the sky] is
the first one to find out. I talk to him every day."

Eugene Scheel is a mapmaker and historian who lives in Waterford.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      November 13, 2011 Sunday 8:11 PM EST

'The power of choice'

SECTION: ; Pg. G06

LENGTH: 256 words


Bob Holycross

Manager, environment and energy

planning, Ford Motor

The key thing is to recognize that customers today still are not going to give
up the utility and comforts that they've been accustomed to. They want higher
fuel economy, but they want that andeverything else. So we have to find that
bridge to give them the technologies that they need.

We've taken a truck and SUV plant in Michigan and we've converted it to build a
battery electric vehicle, a plug-in hybrid, a full hybrid and a fuel-efficient
gasoline small compact car. To be able to build all those vehicles under one
roof, and get that kind of scale, we're going to get some cost efficiency
through that alone. As the battery cost comes down, it's going to complete the
whole equation.

What we've done with our electrification strategy is really given the customer
the power of choice. So whether it's a traditional hybrid electric vehicle, or a
plug-in hybrid with extended range, or a pure battery electric vehicle, you've
got to have something that is going to satisfy customers and, depending on where
the market place goes, have the capacity to be able to flex to do what demand is
calling for.

We're in the process of migrating the majority of our gasoline powertrains into
what we call our EcoBoost engines, which are downsized engines with direct
injection and turbocharging. What that allows us to do is get up to about 20
percent fuel economy improvement, 15 percent reduction in [carbon dioxide].  By
2013, we'll have that across 90 percent of our nameplates.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             217 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      November 13, 2011 Sunday 8:11 PM EST

'A public that wants comfort'

SECTION: ; Pg. G06

LENGTH: 187 words


Lee Patrick Sullivan

Correspondent for energyNow! TV news magazine

We're asking [auto manufacturers] to spend a boatload of money on a vehicle that
isn't their [top-selling] vehicle. Ford's F-150 is going to outsell the Ford EV
Focus. Silverado is going to outsell the Volt, and the Corolla is going to
outsell the plug-in Prius. You're asking [them] to spend a lot of money on
vehicles that they're not making a lot of returns on right now, and that's a
hard thing for them to do.

I'm in the market for a new car. I've actually driven the electric RAV4; it's
great. I've driven the Focus for 900 miles; it was incredible. I've driven the
Volt as well.  These are all great cars, but my heart is set on a Ford Flex,
which gets 17 miles per gallon. I'm very educated when it comes to the dangers
of fossil fuels and what goes on - and I want a car that doesn't get good gas
mileage. This is what these guys are going up against when they put their
vehicles out there: a public that wants comfort, and they want it now. They
don't want to wait for hours for their car to charge up. I want the Flex because
it has a fridge in it.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             218 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 13, 2011 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

'The power of choice'

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G06

LENGTH: 256 words


Bob Holycross

Manager, environment and energy

planning, Ford Motor

The key thing is to recognize that customers today still are not going to give
up the utility and comforts that they've been accustomed to. They want higher
fuel economy, but they want that and everything else. So we have to find that
bridge to give them the technologies that they need.

We've taken a truck and SUV plant in Michigan and we've converted it to build a
battery electric vehicle, a plug-in hybrid, a full hybrid and a fuel-efficient
gasoline small compact car. To be able to build all those vehicles under one
roof, and get that kind of scale, we're going to get some cost efficiency
through that alone. As the battery cost comes down, it's going to complete the
whole equation.

What we've done with our electrification strategy is really given the customer
the power of choice. So whether it's a traditional hybrid electric vehicle, or a
plug-in hybrid with extended range, or a pure battery electric vehicle, you've
got to have something that is going to satisfy customers and, depending on where
the market place goes, have the capacity to be able to flex to do what demand is
calling for.

We're in the process of migrating the majority of our gasoline powertrains into
what we call our EcoBoost engines, which are downsized engines with direct
injection and turbocharging. What that allows us to do is get up to about 20
percent fuel economy improvement, 15 percent reduction in [carbon dioxide].  By
2013, we'll have that across 90 percent of our nameplates.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             219 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 13, 2011 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

'A public that wants comfort'

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G06

LENGTH: 187 words


Lee Patrick Sullivan

Correspondent for energyNow! TV news magazine

We're asking [auto manufacturers] to spend a boatload of money on a vehicle that
isn't their [top-selling] vehicle. Ford's F-150 is going to outsell the Ford EV
Focus. Silverado is going to outsell the Volt, and the Corolla is going to
outsell the plug-in Prius. You're asking [them] to spend a lot of money on
vehicles that they're not making a lot of returns on right now, and that's a
hard thing for them to do.

I'm in the market for a new car. I've actually driven the electric RAV4; it's
great. I've driven the Focus for 900 miles; it was incredible. I've driven the
Volt as well.  These are all great cars, but my heart is set on a Ford Flex,
which gets 17 miles per gallon. I'm very educated when it comes to the dangers
of fossil fuels and what goes on - and I want a car that doesn't get good gas
mileage. This is what these guys are going up against when they put their
vehicles out there: a public that wants comfort, and they want it now. They
don't want to wait for hours for their car to charge up. I want the Flex because
it has a fridge in it.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             220 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      November 1, 2011 Tuesday 8:11 PM EST

Bold economist spoke his mind at Ford, and paid

BYLINE: T. Rees Shapiro

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 759 words


William A. Niskanen Jr., 78, a blunt-spoken economist who served as an adviser
to the Ford Motor Co. and President Ronald Reagan before becoming chairman at
the Cato Institute think tank, died Oct. 26 at the Washington Hospital Center.

He had complications from a stroke, said his wife, Kathryn Washburn.

Dr. Niskanen was an authority on trade, regulation and subsidies whose opinions
were sought in corporate board rooms and the Oval Office.

In a career spanning half a century, he was an economist for the Rand Corp., the
Department of Defense and the Office of Management and Budget.

He served as chairman of the libertarian Cato Institute for 23 years before
becoming chairman emeritus in 2008.

Dr. Niskanen was a professor of economics at the University of California at
Berkeley when he was recruited by Ford in 1975. At the time, the car
manufacturer was run by Henry Ford II, the imperious chief executive, and Lee
Iacocca, the company's president.

Working at Ford under two of the auto industry's biggest egos was a heady and
intimidating experience for Dr. Niskanen, the company's lead economist.

On one Friday, Dr. Niskanen told the New York Times in 1984, he chose to wear a
blazer and trousers to work.

Observing his less formal dress, one of Dr. Niskanen's bosses said to him:
"Starting the weekend a little early, Bill?"

Dr. Niskanen told the Times he "never wore that blazer to work again."

At Ford, Dr. Niskanen found, conformity was key. But it was a lesson Dr.
Niskanen did not learn until 1980, when he was fired for breaking ranks with the
executives.

During the 1970s, the nation's car industry was battered by rising gas prices.
For Japanese manufacturers, touting smaller cars with fuel-sipping engines,
American sales took off.

In late 1979, Ford begged for a government intervention, asking the
International Trade Commission to impose quotas on Japanese cars.

Ford officials said Japanese car makers were siphoning American money away from
the domestic manufacturers. Tens of thousands of American jobs could be lost if
the foreign competition prevailed.

Dr. Niskanen told Ford executives that the government could not cure the
company's ills. Japan was not the problem, Dr. Niskanen told his bosses; they
were.

He maintained that in the previous few years, cars imported from Japan made up
only one-eighth of lost business for Ford, whose cars lacked the kind of fuel
economy that consumers sought.

Ford's real issue, Dr. Niskanen said, was "bad product decisions."

Upon hearing his advice, Ford executives dismissed Dr. Niskanen.

"I was told, 'Bill, in general, people who do well in this company wait until
they hear their superiors express their view and then contribute something in
support of that view,' " Dr. Niskanen said in an 1980 interview with the Wall
Street Journal. "That wasn't, and isn't, my style."

William Arthur Niskanen Jr. was born March 13, 1933, in Bend, Ore.

He was a 1954 Harvard University graduate. He earned a master's degree in 1955
and a doctorate in 1962 from the University of Chicago, where his thesis
concerned an in-depth economic study of the sale of alcoholic beverages.

During the 1970s, Dr. Niskanen served on an economic task force for Reagan when
he was governor of California.

After Dr. Niskanen was fired from Ford in 1980, Reagan named him to the Council
of Economic Advisers.

The CEA, a three-member panel, was formed in 1946 as an independent body to
"assist and advise" the White House on economic policy decisions.

Dr. Niskanen's freely given opinions occasionally rankled the Reagan
administration. Reagan flirted with dismantling the group because he said the
advisers didn't always provide useful analysis.

"If they don't want us in the position of evaluating and criticizing proposals
that come from Treasury or Commerce or State or Agriculture or wherever, then
there isn't any reason for the council," Dr. Niskanen told the Times in 1985. "I
think if you probe some people in this administration, they'll say, 'Yes, Bill
sometimes does irritate me because he doesn't agree with me but I think he makes
a valuable contribution.' "

When Reagan did not name Dr. Niskanen CEA chairman in 1985, he resigned and
joined the Cato Institute.

His marriages to Helen Barr, Anne Pardee and Judith Michaels ended in divorce.

Survivors include his wife, Kathryn Lafler Washburn, of the District; a daughter
from his first marriage, Lia Niskanen, of Brooklyn; two daughters from his
second marriage, Pamela Niskanen of West Winfield, N.Y., and Jamie Brunetti of
Berkeley, Calif.; and two brothers.

shapirot@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             221 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 1, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Bold economist spoke his mind at Ford, and paid

BYLINE: T. Rees Shapiro

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 759 words


William A. Niskanen Jr., 78, a blunt-spoken economist who served as an adviser
to the Ford Motor Co. and President Ronald Reagan before becoming chairman at
the Cato Institute think tank, died Oct. 26 at the Washington Hospital Center.

He had complications from a stroke, said his wife, Kathryn Washburn.

Dr. Niskanen was an authority on trade, regulation and subsidies whose opinions
were sought in corporate board rooms and the Oval Office.

In a career spanning half a century, he was an economist for the Rand Corp., the
Department of Defense and the Office of Management and Budget.

He served as chairman of the libertarian Cato Institute for 23 years before
becoming chairman emeritus in 2008.

Dr. Niskanen was a professor of economics at the University of California at
Berkeley when he was recruited by Ford in 1975. At the time, the car
manufacturer was run by Henry Ford II, the imperious chief executive, and Lee
Iacocca, the company's president.

Working at Ford under two of the auto industry's biggest egos was a heady and
intimidating experience for Dr. Niskanen, the company's lead economist.

On one Friday, Dr. Niskanen told the New York Times in 1984, he chose to wear a
blazer and trousers to work.

Observing his less formal dress, one of Dr. Niskanen's bosses said to him:
"Starting the weekend a little early, Bill?"

Dr. Niskanen told the Times he "never wore that blazer to work again."

At Ford, Dr. Niskanen found, conformity was key. But it was a lesson Dr.
Niskanen did not learn until 1980, when he was fired for breaking ranks with the
executives.

During the 1970s, the nation's car industry was battered by rising gas prices.
For Japanese manufacturers, touting smaller cars with fuel-sipping engines,
American sales took off.

In late 1979, Ford begged for a government intervention, asking the
International Trade Commission to impose quotas on Japanese cars.

Ford officials said Japanese car makers were siphoning American money away from
the domestic manufacturers. Tens of thousands of American jobs could be lost if
the foreign competition prevailed.

Dr. Niskanen told Ford executives that the government could not cure the
company's ills. Japan was not the problem, Dr. Niskanen told his bosses; they
were.

He maintained that in the previous few years, cars imported from Japan made up
only one-eighth of lost business for Ford, whose cars lacked the kind of fuel
economy that consumers sought.

Ford's real issue, Dr. Niskanen said, was "bad product decisions."

Upon hearing his advice, Ford executives dismissed Dr. Niskanen.

"I was told, 'Bill, in general, people who do well in this company wait until
they hear their superiors express their view and then contribute something in
support of that view,' " Dr. Niskanen said in an 1980 interview with the Wall
Street Journal. "That wasn't, and isn't, my style."

William Arthur Niskanen Jr. was born March 13, 1933, in Bend, Ore.

He was a 1954 Harvard University graduate. He earned a master's degree in 1955
and a doctorate in 1962 from the University of Chicago, where his thesis
concerned an in-depth economic study of the sale of alcoholic beverages.

During the 1970s, Dr. Niskanen served on an economic task force for Reagan when
he was governor of California.

After Dr. Niskanen was fired from Ford in 1980, Reagan named him to the Council
of Economic Advisers.

The CEA, a three-member panel, was formed in 1946 as an independent body to
"assist and advise" the White House on economic policy decisions.

Dr. Niskanen's freely given opinions occasionally rankled the Reagan
administration. Reagan flirted with dismantling the group because he said the
advisers didn't always provide useful analysis.

"If they don't want us in the position of evaluating and criticizing proposals
that come from Treasury or Commerce or State or Agriculture or wherever, then
there isn't any reason for the council," Dr. Niskanen told the Times in 1985. "I
think if you probe some people in this administration, they'll say, 'Yes, Bill
sometimes does irritate me because he doesn't agree with me but I think he makes
a valuable contribution.' "

When Reagan did not name Dr. Niskanen CEA chairman in 1985, he resigned and
joined the Cato Institute.

His marriages to Helen Barr, Anne Pardee and Judith Michaels ended in divorce.

Survivors include his wife, Kathryn Lafler Washburn, of the District; a daughter
from his first marriage, Lia Niskanen, of Brooklyn; two daughters from his
second marriage, Pamela Niskanen of West Winfield, N.Y., and Jamie Brunetti of
Berkeley, Calif.; and two brothers.

shapirot@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             222 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     October 27, 2011 Thursday 8:11 PM EST

BYLINE: Marjorie Censer

SECTION: A section; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 766 words


DEFENSE          At Lockheed, rise in profit but a caution

Lockheed Martin, the world's largest defense contractor, reported Wednesday that
its third-quarter profit grew 25 percent, buoyed by growth in all four of its
operating segments.

Still, the numbers reflect a company facing a difficult time. Although sales and
profit were up, the Bethesda-based corporation noted that it paid special
charges related to job cuts and cautioned that more cutbacks at the Pentagon
could take a toll.

Robert J. Stevens, Lockheed's chairman and chief executive, said the uncertainty
about the Pentagon's budget and government spending is making it difficult to
ensure that the company is best positioned for the future.

"We don't have the kind of visibility as to the ultimate horizon our customer
will face and this business will face," Stevens said in a morning call with
reporters. "I cannot today guarantee that there will not be more evolutions for
our company to go through."

Lockheed reported a profit of $700 million ($2.10 per share) in the three-month
period, up from $560 million ($1.54) in the same period a year earlier.
Quarterly revenue grew 6.8 percent, to $12.1 billion.

Lockheed stock closed lower Wednesday, down 3.2 percent, or $2.54, at $76.35 a
share.

The company expressed concern over production of the next batch of its F-35
fighter. It has not yet received the funding it needs to boost production,
Lockheed said.

In the third quarter, Lockheed paid a special charge of $39 million after laying
off some employees at its information systems and global solutions and corporate
units.

-  Marjorie Censer

Also in Business

l  Sales of new homesrose in September after four straight monthly declines,
largely because builders cut their prices in the face of depressed demand. The
Commerce Department said Wednesday that sales increased 5.7 percent last month
to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 313,000 homes.

l  Baby boomers,the 77-million-strong generation born between 1946 and 1964, are
increasingly worried about retirement and their finances in light of the
economic crisis of the past three years. Just 9 percent say they are strongly
convinced they'll be able to live comfortably when they retire, according to the
poll, by the Associated Press and the Web site Life Goes Strong.

l  Fordhas generated big profits for so long that investors were bound to get
spoiled. The company reported its 10th straight quarterly profit Wednesday, but
its stock price fell 4.5 percent, in large part because the carmaker decided to
hold off on reinstating a dividend to stockholders. Investors were also irked by
slowing growth and rising costs in the company's third quarter. Ford earned $1.6
billion and beat expectations, but investors wanted to see more of the huge
gains from 2010, when Ford's profit jumped 70 percent in the third quarter.

l  Higher oil costsovershadowed rising fares and fees in the third quarter for
JetBlue Airways, sending its profit down 41 percent. But despite fears that
Americans are tightening their budgets, JetBlue said that it is not seeing a
slowdown in demand. The New York airline said higher fuel costs and Hurricane
Irene, which prompted it to cancel 1,400 flights, hurt its July-September
quarter. JetBlue earned $35 million, and revenue rose 16 percent to about $1.2
billion.

l  General Motorsis recalling more than 36,000 Chevrolet Equinox and GMC Terrain
crossover SUVs to fix tire pressure monitors that don't work right. The recalled
vehicles were built between July 18 and Sept. 6, 2011. Dealers will update a
computer that controls the monitors free of charge.

l WellPoint's third-quarter earnings fell more than 7 percent compared to last
year, but the health insurer's shares climbed after it raised its 2011 net
income forecast and said it expects growth in 2012. The largest health insurer
based on enrollment said positives such as growth in its Medicare Advantage
business and a push to become more efficient will outweigh negatives in 2012,
which include a tough economy that is expected to hurt employer-sponsored
insurance enrollment.

- From news services

Coming Today

l  8:30 a.m.:Third-quarter gross domestic product released.

l  8:30 a.m.:Weekly jobless claims report released.

l  10 a.m.:Pending home sales index released.

l  2 p.m.:House Foreign Affairs hearing on the euro-zone crisis and global
economy.

l  Earnings reports:Colgate-Palmolive, Dow Chemical, Exxon Mobil, Hershey,
Moody's, Motorola Mobility, Time Warner Cable, US Airways.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             223 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      October 23, 2011 Sunday 8:11 PM EST

Futures and Options: Business-related events for week of Oct. 24

SECTION: ; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 253 words


Monday

}House Armed Services subcommittee hearing on the defense industrial base.

}Caterpillar, Netflix, Texas Instruments earnings reports.

Tuesday

}Case-Shiller home price index released.

}Consumer confidence index released.

}House Financial Services subcommittee hearing on the euro-zone crisis.

}House Ways and Means hearing on the U.S.-China economic relationship.

}American Enterprise Institute hosts a discussion on prosperity trends since
1980.

}Johns Hopkins and the University of Chicago host a discussion on U.S.-China
economic relations.

}Amazon, Delta, Xerox earnings reports.

Wednesday

}Durable goods orders report.

}New home sales report.

}House Energy and Commerce subcommittee hearing on cancellation of CLASS
program.

}House Small Business hearing on the Small Business Administration's financing
programs.

}U.S. Chamber of Commerce hosts annual Legal Reform Summit.

}American Enterprise Institute holds a discussion on the housing, mortgage and
sovereign debt crises.

}Boeing, Ford Motor, General Dynamics, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman
earnings reports.

Thursday

}Third-quarter gross domestic product released.

}Weekly jobless claims report.

}Pending home sales index released.

}Dow Chemical, Exxon Mobil, US Airways earnings reports.

Friday

}Personal income report.

}Consumer sentiment report.

}Constellation Energy, Dominion Resources, Pepco Holdings earnings reports.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             224 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 23, 2011 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Futures and Options: Business-related events for week of Oct. 24

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 227 words

Monday

}House Armed Services subcommittee hearing on the defense industrial base.

}Caterpillar, Netflix, Texas Instruments earnings reports.

Tuesday

}Case-Shiller home price index released.

}Consumer confidence index released.

}House Financial Services subcommittee hearing on the euro-zone crisis.

}House Ways and Means hearing on the U.S.-China economic relationship.

}American Enterprise Institute hosts a discussion on prosperity trends since
1980.

}Johns Hopkins and the University of Chicago host a discussion on U.S.-China
economic relations.

}Amazon, Delta, Xerox earnings reports.

Wednesday

}Durable goods orders report.

}New home sales report.

}House Energy and Commerce subcommittee hearing on cancellation of CLASS
program.

}House Small Business hearing on the Small Business Administration's financing
programs.

}U.S. Chamber of Commerce hosts annual Legal Reform Summit.

}American Enterprise Institute holds a discussion on the housing, mortgage and
sovereign debt crises.

}Boeing, Ford Motor, General Dynamics, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman
earnings reports.

Thursday

}Third-quarter gross domestic product released.

}Weekly jobless claims report.

}Pending home sales index released.

}Dow Chemical, Exxon Mobil, US Airways earnings reports.

Friday

}Personal income report.

}Consumer sentiment report.

}Constellation Energy, Dominion Resources, Pepco Holdings earnings reports.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             225 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     September 18, 2011 Sunday 8:11 PM EST

GM, UAW agree on four-year contract

BYLINE: Dee-Ann Durbin;and Tom Krisher

SECTION: A section; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 451 words


DETROIT - The United Auto Workers union won $5,000 signing bonuses and the
possibility of sweeter profit-sharing checks as part of a new four-year contract
with General Motors, two people briefed on the talks said Saturday.

The deal, which was reached late Friday, also includes a $2- to $3-per-hour pay
raise for entry-level workers over the life of the contract and guarantees more
union jobs, the people said.

The two sources asked to remain anonymous because contract details have not been
reviewed by all local union leaders.

The GM deal will serve as a template for contracts that remain to be negotiated
with Chrysler Group and Ford, and the three contracts will determine the pay and
benefits for about 112,500 U.S. auto workers. It also sets the bar for pay and
benefits at nonunion auto companies and other industries across the country.

The contract is the first since GM and Chrysler received government bailouts in
2009 to help them emerge from bankruptcy court protection. GM earned $4.7
billion last year.

Workers have to approve the deal before it takes effect. A vote is expected
within 10 days.

In addition to the bonuses, workers could receive profit-sharing checks that
exceed the $4,000 received last year.

The deal is also supposed to include creative ways to cut GM's hourly labor
costs. GM pays about $56 per hour, including wages and benefits, which is less
than what Ford pays but far more than other companies, including Chrysler and
Hyundai.

Also, a former Saturn assembly plant in Spring Hill, Tenn., will be reopened
under the deal, the people said, and new products have been promised to plants
in Romulus, Mich.; Warren, Mich.; and Wentzville, Mo. A plant in Janesville,
Wis., that stopped producing trucks in 2009, will remain idled but will not
close.

Kristin Dziczek, head of the labor and industry group at the Ann Arbor,
Mich.-based Center for Automotive Research, said the agreement is a good
compromise. It ensures that GM's overall labor costs will fall over the life of
the contract because new hires will be paid significantly lower wages than most
current workers. But current workers will benefit from profit-sharing and
bonuses.

"They get the preservation of everything they have and money in their pocket,"
she said.

GM was the first of the Detroit Three to reach agreement with the UAW. Chrysler
negotiators were talking all weekend. Little progress has been made in
negotiations at Ford.

The UAW announced the GM agreement just after 11 p.m. Friday, after a little
more than seven weeks of closed-door bargaining. GM workers reached early
Saturday were happy that a deal had been reached but anxious about the details.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             226 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 18, 2011 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

GM, UAW agree on four-year contract

BYLINE: Dee-Ann Durbin;and Tom Krisher

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 445 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


DETROIT - The United Auto Workers union won $5,000 signing bonuses and the
possibility of sweeter profit-sharing checks as part of a new four-year contract
with General Motors, two people briefed on the talks said Saturday.

The deal, which was reached late Friday, also includes a $2- to $3-per-hour pay
raise for entry-level workers over the life of the contract and guarantees more
union jobs, the people said.

The two sources asked to remain anonymous because contract details have not been
reviewed by all local union leaders.

The GM deal will serve as a template for contracts that remain to be negotiated
with Chrysler Group and Ford, and the three contracts will determine the pay and
benefits for about 112,500 U.S. auto workers. It also sets the bar for pay and
benefits at nonunion auto companies and other industries across the country.

The contract is the first since GM and Chrysler received government bailouts in
2009 to help them emerge from bankruptcy court protection. GM earned $4.7
billion last year.

Workers have to approve the deal before it takes effect. A vote is expected
within 10 days.

In addition to the bonuses, workers could receive profit-sharing checks that
exceed the $4,000 received last year.

The deal is also supposed to include creative ways to cut GM's hourly labor
costs. GM pays about $56 per hour, including wages and benefits, which is less
than what Ford pays but far more than other companies, including Chrysler and
Hyundai.

Also, a former Saturn assembly plant in Spring Hill, Tenn., will be reopened
under the deal, the people said, and new products have been promised to plants
in Romulus, Mich.; Warren, Mich.; and Wentzville, Mo. A plant in Janesville,
Wis., that stopped producing trucks in 2009, will remain idled but will not
close.

Kristin Dziczek, head of the labor and industry group at the Ann Arbor,
Mich.-based Center for Automotive Research, said the agreement is a good
compromise. It ensures that GM's overall labor costs will fall over the life of
the contract because new hires will be paid significantly lower wages than most
current workers. But current workers will benefit from profit-sharing and
bonuses.

"They get the preservation of everything they have and money in their pocket,"
she said.

GM was the first of the Detroit Three to reach agreement with the UAW. Chrysler
negotiators were talking all weekend. Little progress has been made in
negotiations at Ford.

The UAW announced the GM agreement just after 11 p.m. Friday, after a little
more than seven weeks of closed-door bargaining. GM workers reached early
Saturday were happy that a deal had been reached but anxious about the details.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             227 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                    September 15, 2011 Thursday 8:11 PM EST

Effortto create 'green' jobs lags

BYLINE: Carol D. Leonnig;Steven Mufson

SECTION: A section; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1407 words


A $38.6 billion loan guarantee program that the Obama administration promised
would create or save 65,000 jobs has created just a few thousand jobs two years
after it began, government records show.

The program - designed to jump-start the nation's clean technology industry by
giving energy companies access to low-cost, government-backed loans - has
directly created 3,545 new, permanent jobs after giving out almost half the
allocated amount, according to Energy Department tallies.

President Obama has made "green jobs" a showcase of his recovery plan, vowing to
foster new jobs, new technologies and more competitive American industries. But
the loan guarantee program came under scrutiny Wednesday from Republicans and
Democrats at a House oversight committee hearing about the collapse of Solyndra,
a solar-panel maker whose closure could leave taxpayers on the hook for as much
as $527 million.

The GOP lawmakers accused the administration of rushing approval of a guarantee
of the firm's project and failing to adequately vet it. "My goodness. We should
be reviewing every one of these loan guarantee" projects, said Rep. Marsha
Blackburn (R-Tenn.).

Obama's efforts to create green jobs are lagging behind expectations at a time
of persistently high unemployment. Many economists say that because
alternative-energy projects are so expensive and slow to ramp up, they are not
the most efficient way to stimulate the economy.

"There are good reasons to create green jobs, but they have more to do with
green than with jobs," Princeton University economics professor and former
Federal Reserve vice chairman Alan Blinder has said.

The loan guarantee program can also be unwieldy. It works like this: Companies
negotiate with the Energy Department for a government loan guarantee, which
means taxpayers will pay off bank loans if the project fails. Then the Office of
Management and Budget must sign off on the guarantees, often changing terms.

The Energy Department says that the green-jobs program is still on track to meet
its employment goals. It claims credit for saving 33,000 jobs at Ford Motor Co.
- about half of the Detroit automaker's entire hourly and salaried U.S.
workforce. The department says the biggest of its loan guarantees, for $5.9
billion, protected the jobs at Ford by enabling the automaker to upgrade plants
in five states to build more energy-efficient vehicles. The Energy Department
said the loan would "convert" the Ford jobs to "green manufacturing jobs."

Several economists said they doubt the loan program saved 33,000 jobs at Ford.

"I always take these job estimates with a big grain of salt," Josh Lerner, a
Harvard Business School professor who has written about failed government
efforts to stimulate targeted industries, said in an e-mail. "There tends to be
a lot of fuzzy math when it comes to calculating these benefits (regardless of
the party taking credit for the program)."

A Ford spokeswoman said the loans helped "transform what were primarily
truck/SUV plants into flexible manufacturing plants capable of building more
fuel-efficient vehicles." That flexibility is key to "helping retain the 33,000
jobs by ensuring our employees can build the fuel-efficient cars people want to
drive," said Meghan Keck, who handles government relations for Ford.

Mark Muro, a Brookings Institution fellow who researches the clean-tech
industry, said the agency appears to be counting every employee working in
upgraded plants, when the more relevant question is how many workers would have
been laid off without the loans.

The Energy Department's loan guarantee program, a key component of Obama's 2009
stimulus plan, is under heightened scrutiny since Solyndra, the first company it
backed, declared bankruptcy and closed its doors two weeks ago. The failure of
the solar-panel manufacturer, which got a $535 million government loan guarantee
and later direct government loans, led to the layoff of 1,100 workers. It drew
down money as recently as July. The government had dispersed $527 million of the
loan to Solyndra.

Energy Department officials had vowed earlier this year to create or save more
than 65,000 American jobs once its 42 projects were financed and complete. They
say the program is now "on pace" to create or save roughly 60,000 jobs. (It
shaved roughly 5,000 from the target after two companies turned down the
department's offer of help.) The department adds that its projects have helped
generate 7,391 temporary construction jobs.

"This does not include tens of thousands of indirect jobs these projects create
up and down the supply chain, or the countless additional jobs that depend on
America staying competitive with countries like China in the clean-energy race,"
department spokesman Damien LaVera said.

Renewable-energy firms say many other workers and companies have prospered by
being part of the supply chain. BrightSource Energy, for example, a developer of
utility-scale solar-power projects, is the recipient of a $1.6 billion loan
guarantee, the second-biggest awarded so far; it says it has purchased goods in
17 states.

Still, agency projections indicate that creating jobs is a laborious process. If
the 20 companies that have won loans so far deliver all the new jobs they have
promised, they will hire a total of 8,050 new workers for permanent positions.
Half of those 20 companies have neither created nor saved any permanent jobs
yet; several won their loans only recently. Even the BrightSource project, which
employs 700 construction workers now, will employ only 86 people on a permanent
basis.

Obama administration officials say the jobs are high-quality and will improve
the economy's productivity. In addition to the loan guarantee program, the Obama
administration has targeted "green jobs" through cash grants for wind farms and
weatherization grants to state agencies.

Muro said administration-supported projects "that may have been honorable
investments in technology were sold as short-term job creators for political
reasons," he said. "Exaggerated expectations about jobs were set."

The eventual cost of the loan guarantee program for taxpayers remains unclear.
If the revised 60,000 target is reached, it would work out to about $640,000 in
loan guarantees for every job created or saved. These financing guarantees were
approved by Congress as part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.

If the companies do well, they won't need to draw on the guarantees and won't
cost the government anything. But if the companies go bankrupt, as Solyndra did,
taxpayers will be on the hook. Moreover, the Treasury Department's Federal
Financing Bank has been directly lending - at extremely low, subsidized rates -
to companies that win Energy Department guarantees. Congress and the
administration assumed a failure rate of 5 to 10 percent for the program.
Solyndra represents about 3 percent of the loan guarantees made so far.

Solyndra received the Energy Department's backing and also a federal bank loan -
at rates as low as 1.025 percent. It's unclear how much, if anything, the
government can recover in bankruptcy proceedings, but it can pursue claims as a
creditor.

Solyndra's closure prompted concerns about whether the administration made good
bets in the rest of its portfolio of clean-tech projects it had helped subsidize
with taxpayer-guaranteed loans. The primary investors in Solyndra were funds
tied to a major Obama fundraising bundler, Tulsa oilman George Kaiser.

Although the financing of renewable-energy projects was never an ideal way to
create jobs, the 2009 stimulus package gave Obama a way to get Congress to
appropriate more money for renewable energy than it would have provided
otherwise.

In addition to guaranteeing loans for renewable-energy projects, the Energy
Department has been meting out grants from a separate, less-controversial $33.7
billion appropriation it received as part of the 2009 economic stimulus bill.
So far, the department has given out $18.1 billion from that fund, ranging from
$44,295 to a Swarthmore College science program to about $1.5 billion to clean
up waste at the government's Savannah River nuclear site. Hundreds of millions
have gone to companies trying to figure out cheaper ways to capture carbon
dioxide from coal plants, a priority for coal-state lawmakers.

leonnigc@washpost.com

mufsons@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             228 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 15, 2011 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Effortto create 'green' jobs lags

BYLINE: Carol D. Leonnig;Steven Mufson

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1394 words


A $38.6 billion loan guarantee program that the Obama administration promised
would create or save 65,000 jobs has created just a few thousand jobs two years
after it began, government records show.

The program - designed to jump-start the nation's clean technology industry by
giving energy companies access to low-cost, government-backed loans - has
directly created 3,545 new, permanent jobs after giving out almost half the
allocated amount, according to Energy Department tallies.

President Obama has made "green jobs" a showcase of his recovery plan, vowing to
foster new jobs, new technologies and more competitive American industries. But
the loan guarantee program came under scrutiny Wednesday from Republicans and
Democrats at a House oversight committee hearing about the collapse of Solyndra,
a solar-panel maker whose closure could leave taxpayers on the hook for as much
as $527 million.

The GOP lawmakers accused the administration of rushing approval of a guarantee
of the firm's project and failing to adequately vet it. "My goodness. We should
be reviewing every one of these loan guarantee" projects, said Rep. Marsha
Blackburn (R-Tenn.).

Obama's efforts to create green jobs are lagging behind expectations at a time
of persistently high unemployment. Many economists say that because
alternative-energy projects are so expensive and slow to ramp up, they are not
the most efficient way to stimulate the economy.

"There are good reasons to create green jobs, but they have more to do with
green than with jobs," Princeton University economics professor and former
Federal Reserve vice chairman Alan Blinder has said.

The loan guarantee program can also be unwieldy. It works like this: Companies
negotiate with the Energy Department for a government loan guarantee, which
means taxpayers will pay off bank loans if the project fails. Then the Office of
Management and Budget must sign off on the guarantees, often changing terms.

The Energy Department says that the green-jobs program is still on track to meet
its employment goals. It claims credit for saving 33,000 jobs at Ford Motor Co.
- about half of the Detroit automaker's entire hourly and salaried U.S.
workforce. The department says the biggest of its loan guarantees, for $5.9
billion, protected the jobs at Ford by enabling the automaker to upgrade plants
in five states to build more energy-efficient vehicles. The Energy Department
said the loan would "convert" the Ford jobs to "green manufacturing jobs."

Several economists said they doubt the loan program saved 33,000 jobs at Ford.

"I always take these job estimates with a big grain of salt," Josh Lerner, a
Harvard Business School professor who has written about failed government
efforts to stimulate targeted industries, said in an e-mail. "There tends to be
a lot of fuzzy math when it comes to calculating these benefits (regardless of
the party taking credit for the program)."

A Ford spokeswoman said the loans helped "transform what were primarily
truck/SUV plants into flexible manufacturing plants capable of building more
fuel-efficient vehicles." That flexibility is key to "helping retain the 33,000
jobs by ensuring our employees can build the fuel-efficient cars people want to
drive," said Meghan Keck, who handles government relations for Ford.

Mark Muro, a Brookings Institution fellow who researches the clean-tech
industry, said the agency appears to be counting every employee working in
upgraded plants, when the more relevant question is how many workers would have
been laid off without the loans.

The Energy Department's loan guarantee program, a key component of Obama's 2009
stimulus plan, is under heightened scrutiny since Solyndra, the first company it
backed, declared bankruptcy and closed its doors two weeks ago. The failure of
the solar-panel manufacturer, which got a $535 million government loan guarantee
and later direct government loans, led to the layoff of 1,100 workers. It drew
down money as recently as July. The government had dispersed $527 million of the
loan to Solyndra.

Energy Department officials had vowed earlier this year to create or save more
than 65,000 American jobs once its 42 projects were financed and complete. They
say the program is now "on pace" to create or save roughly 60,000 jobs. (It
shaved roughly 5,000 from the target after two companies turned down the
department's offer of help.) The department adds that its projects have helped
generate 7,391 temporary construction jobs.

"This does not include tens of thousands of indirect jobs these projects create
up and down the supply chain, or the countless additional jobs that depend on
America staying competitive with countries like China in the clean-energy race,"
department spokesman Damien LaVera said.

Renewable-energy firms say many other workers and companies have prospered by
being part of the supply chain. BrightSource Energy, for example, a developer of
utility-scale solar-power projects, is the recipient of a $1.6 billion loan
guarantee, the second-biggest awarded so far; it says it has purchased goods in
17 states.

Still, agency projections indicate that creating jobs is a laborious process. If
the 20 companies that have won loans so far deliver all the new jobs they have
promised, they will hire a total of 8,050 new workers for permanent positions.
Half of those 20 companies have neither created nor saved any permanent jobs
yet; several won their loans only recently. Even the BrightSource project, which
employs 700 construction workers now, will employ only 86 people on a permanent
basis.

Obama administration officials say the jobs are high-quality and will improve
the economy's productivity. In addition to the loan guarantee program, the Obama
administration has targeted "green jobs" through cash grants for wind farms and
weatherization grants to state agencies.

Muro said administration-supported projects "that may have been honorable
investments in technology were sold as short-term job creators for political
reasons," he said. "Exaggerated expectations about jobs were set."

The eventual cost of the loan guarantee program for taxpayers remains unclear.
If the revised 60,000 target is reached, it would work out to about $640,000 in
loan guarantees for every job created or saved. These financing guarantees were
approved by Congress as part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.

If the companies do well, they won't need to draw on the guarantees and won't
cost the government anything. But if the companies go bankrupt, as Solyndra did,
taxpayers will be on the hook. Moreover, the Treasury Department's Federal
Financing Bank has been directly lending - at extremely low, subsidized rates -
to companies that win Energy Department guarantees. Congress and the
administration assumed a failure rate of 5 to 10 percent for the program.
Solyndra represents about 3 percent of the loan guarantees made so far.

Solyndra received the Energy Department's backing and also a federal bank loan -
at rates as low as 1.025 percent. It's unclear how much, if anything, the
government can recover in bankruptcy proceedings, but it can pursue claims as a
creditor.

Solyndra's closure prompted concerns about whether the administration made good
bets in the rest of its portfolio of clean-tech projects it had helped subsidize
with taxpayer-guaranteed loans. The primary investors in Solyndra were funds
tied to a major Obama fundraising bundler, Tulsa oilman George Kaiser.

Although the financing of renewable-energy projects was never an ideal way to
create jobs, the 2009 stimulus package gave Obama a way to get Congress to
appropriate more money for renewable energy than it would have provided
otherwise.

In addition to guaranteeing loans for renewable-energy projects, the Energy
Department has been meting out grants from a separate, less-controversial $33.7
billion appropriation it received as part of the 2009 economic stimulus bill.
So far, the department has given out $18.1 billion from that fund, ranging from
$44,295 to a Swarthmore College science program to about $1.5 billion to clean
up waste at the government's Savannah River nuclear site. Hundreds of millions
have gone to companies trying to figure out cheaper ways to capture carbon
dioxide from coal plants, a priority for coal-state lawmakers.

leonnigc@washpost.com

mufsons@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             229 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                    September 10, 2011 Saturday 8:11 PM EST

His ads made Chrysler's Iacocca a celebrity CEO

BYLINE: Valerie J. Nelson;Los Angeles Times

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 595 words


Before advertising executive Leo-Arthur Kelmenson could ignite the media blitz
in 1979 that helped rescue Chrysler from bankruptcy, he had to persuade the auto
company's president to serve as pitchman.

Lee Iacocca's response was as blunt as the ads that followed: He told the adman
to drop dead. But the auto executive soon did what Mr. Kelmenson had asked.

The straight-shooting ads "raised the question that was on everybody's mind,"
Mr. Kelmenson later said. "Would America be better off without Chrysler?"

The print ad carrying that headline - and others that were equally forthright -
helped bring about a government bailout and saved the automaker, said Gerald
Greenwald, a former Chrysler executive who worked with Mr. Kelmenson.

Mr. Kelmenson, whose career in advertising spanned six decades, died of
undisclosed causes Aug. 30 at his home in Remsenburg, N.Y., said his wife,
Gayle. He was 84.

Mr. Kelmenson was the chief executive of the New York City ad agency Kenyon &
Eckhardt when he decided that his firm would walk away from an $80
million-a-year contract with Ford Motor Co. to follow Iacocca to Chrysler. The
pair had bonded at Ford, which had recently fired Iacocca as president.

After stripping two agencies of their Chrysler accounts, Iacocca handed Mr.
Kelmenson's team an estimated $120 million a year in business. At the time, it
was the largest account shift in U.S. history - and it stunned the advertising
world.

"I put my company in jeopardy when I went with Chrysler, and there were one or
two periods when I wasn't sure whether or not we would go down the tube," Mr.
Kelmenson told the Los Angeles Times in 1982. "But the opportunity was just too
big and challenging to pass up."

In the first wave of TV commercials, broadcast in 1980, Iacocca barked into the
camera, "If you can find a better car, buy it." Yet he came across as "upfront,
reasonable," Time magazine said in 1985.

"The country was starved for leadership and charisma," Mr. Kelmenson told the
magazine as he explained Iacocca's appeal. "Lee talked directly to the American
people."

The ads turned the auto executive into a folk hero, but Mr. Kelmenson was
"absolutely the driving force" behind the campaign, Greenwald said.

Mr. Kelmenson was born Jan. 3, 1927, in New York City. He was named Leo-Arthur
in keeping with a family tradition to append "Arthur" to the first-born son's
name. His father's family owned a business, United Cooperage, that made barrels
and vats.

At 17, he left high school and lied about his age so he could enlist in the
Marine Corps during World War II. He was awarded medals for bravery and, as a
private, led his unit on the beach in Okinawa after his commander collapsed
under heavy fire, his wife said.

He recuperated from war injuries in Oceanside, Calif., making his first
Hollywood connections when an uncle who worked at Warner Bros. sent celebrities
to entertain the troops.

At Columbia University, Mr. Kelmenson studied international relations, earning a
bachelor's degree in 1951. He also spent two years at the Career Diplomat School
of Geneva.

After starting out in TV production, he served as a special projects officer for
the State Department in the early 1960s.

Later that decade, he jumped into advertising and for more than 30 years led a
series of agencies beginning with Kenyon & Eckhardt. He became chief executive
of Bozell Group, a marketing, advertising and public relations firm. Throughout
his career, Mr. Kelmenson often focused on auto advertising and continued to
work in the field until early this year.

- Los Angeles Times

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             230 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 10, 2011 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

His ads made Chrysler's Iacocca a celebrity CEO

BYLINE: Valerie J. Nelson;Los Angeles Times

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 593 words


Before advertising executive Leo-Arthur Kelmenson could ignite the media blitz
in 1979 that helped rescue Chrysler from bankruptcy, he had to persuade the auto
company's president to serve as pitchman.

Lee Iacocca's response was as blunt as the ads that followed: He told the adman
to drop dead. But the auto executive soon did what Mr. Kelmenson had asked.

The straight-shooting ads "raised the question that was on everybody's mind,"
Mr. Kelmenson later said. "Would America be better off without Chrysler?"

The print ad carrying that headline - and others that were equally forthright -
helped bring about a government bailout and saved the automaker, said Gerald
Greenwald, a former Chrysler executive who worked with Mr. Kelmenson.

Mr. Kelmenson, whose career in advertising spanned six decades, died of
undisclosed causes Aug. 30 at his home in Remsenburg, N.Y., said his wife,
Gayle. He was 84.

Mr. Kelmenson was the chief executive of the New York City ad agency Kenyon &
Eckhardt when he decided that his firm would walk away from an $80
million-a-year contract with Ford Motor Co. to follow Iacocca to Chrysler. The
pair had bonded at Ford, which had recently fired Iacocca as president.

After stripping two agencies of their Chrysler accounts, Iacocca handed Mr.
Kelmenson's team an estimated $120 million a year in business. At the time, it
was the largest account shift in U.S. history - and it stunned the advertising
world.

"I put my company in jeopardy when I went with Chrysler, and there were one or
two periods when I wasn't sure whether or not we would go down the tube," Mr.
Kelmenson told the Los Angeles Times in 1982. "But the opportunity was just too
big and challenging to pass up."

In the first wave of TV commercials, broadcast in 1980, Iacocca barked into the
camera, "If you can find a better car, buy it." Yet he came across as "upfront,
reasonable," Time magazine said in 1985.

"The country was starved for leadership and charisma," Mr. Kelmenson told the
magazine as he explained Iacocca's appeal. "Lee talked directly to the American
people."

The ads turned the auto executive into a folk hero, but Mr. Kelmenson was
"absolutely the driving force" behind the campaign, Greenwald said.

Mr. Kelmenson was born Jan. 3, 1927, in New York City. He was named Leo-Arthur
in keeping with a family tradition to append "Arthur" to the first-born son's
name. His father's family owned a business, United Cooperage, that made barrels
and vats.

At 17, he left high school and lied about his age so he could enlist in the
Marine Corps during World War II. He was awarded medals for bravery and, as a
private, led his unit on the beach in Okinawa after his commander collapsed
under heavy fire, his wife said.

He recuperated from war injuries in Oceanside, Calif., making his first
Hollywood connections when an uncle who worked at Warner Bros. sent celebrities
to entertain the troops.

At Columbia University, Mr. Kelmenson studied international relations, earning a
bachelor's degree in 1951. He also spent two years at the Career Diplomat School
of Geneva.

After starting out in TV production, he served as a special projects officer for
the State Department in the early 1960s.

Later that decade, he jumped into advertising and for more than 30 years led a
series of agencies beginning with Kenyon & Eckhardt. He became chief executive
of Bozell Group, a marketing, advertising and public relations firm. Throughout
his career, Mr. Kelmenson often focused on auto advertising and continued to
work in the field until early this year.

- Los Angeles Times

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             231 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      September 4, 2011 Sunday 8:11 PM EST

Antitrust suit threatens AT&T's bid for rival

BYLINE: From news services;staff reports

SECTION: ; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 1241 words


The Justice Department has sued to block AT&T's $39 billion purchase of
T-Mobile, saying the deal would leave consumers with fewer choices and higher
bills for mobile phone service that has become "indispensable" to the way
Americans live and do business. ¶ In the deal to combine the second- and
fourth-largest wireless companies, AT&T would expand its network and gain as
much as $20 billion in spectrum. ¶ AT&T vowed to challenge the lawsuit, setting
the stage for the most significant antitrust battle of the Obama administration,
which has vowed to rigorously police big business deals that are bad for
consumers. But Justice has rarely gone to court to stop blockbuster deals, and
it failed the last time it sued to prevent a big corporate merger, seven years
ago.

Business

Netflix, the largest U.S. video subscription service, hit its nearly 25 million
U.S subscribers with rate increases of as much as 60 percent. The sticker shock
is expected to make Redbox, which rents DVDs for $1 a day through kiosks, more
enticing to movie lovers.

A $1.3 billion jury verdict for Oracle in a copyright case against SAP, its
German rival, was thrown out by a judge who ruled that the evidence in the case
didn't support the large penalty; he suggested a $272 million settlement.

Exxon Mobil formed an alliance with OAO Rosneft, Russia's largest oil producer,
to drill from the Texas plains and Gulf of Mexico to the Arctic Ocean. The two
plan to spend an initial $3.2 billion exploring Russia's Arctic offshore and the
Black Sea.

Most major automakers reported healthy sales increases in August, led by
Chrysler's 31 percent jump. Toyota and Honda saw double-digit declines as they
continued to struggle with earthquake-related car shortages.

Bank of Americawill sell or wind down its correspondent mortgage business
lending division, which fulfills mortgage loans originated by other banks.

Boeingwill move ahead with a new engine for its 737, matching a competing Airbus
plane and giving its best-selling jet the fuel efficiency that airlines seek.

Goldman Sachs agreed to pay future Federal Reserve penalties and write down $53
million of mortgage loans in New York to gain approval for its sale of Litton
Loan Servicing. The Fed ordered Goldman Sachs to conduct an independent review
of Litton's foreclosures in 2009 and 2010 to address a "pattern of misconduct
and negligence," the regulator said. Litton's sale was completed to Ocwen
Financial.

Books-A-Millionwas cleared by a judge to take over 14 Borders stores that were
slated for closure.

Ford Motorworkers at a plant near Kansas City, Mo., have voted to let their
union leaders call a strike against the company.

Starz, a pay-TV channel, motivated by a feud over fee increases, won't renew a
streaming deal with Netflix.

Solyndra, a California solar-panel manufacturer that President Obama had praised
as an energy leader, filed for bankruptcy. The company blamed "regulatory and
policy uncertainties" for a difficult business climate.

Amazon.comoffered to build two distribution centers and hire as many as 7,000
workers if lawmakers give up trying to force the Internet giant to collect sales
taxes on purchases made by California customers.

Advertising revenue, newspapers' main source of revenue, has now been falling
for five years. Newspapers brought in nearly $6 billion from print and online
advertising combined during the second quarter, a 7 percent decline from the
same time in 2010.

Deals

Carl Icahnagreed to sell his Lions Gate Entertainment shares for $7 each,
roughly his cost, to end a battle for control of the independent film and
television studio.

The U.S. government, which has become the nation's biggest owner of residential
properties, is looking for ways to reduce and manage its huge inventory -
248,000 houses - without swamping the real estate market or exposing federal
agencies to enormous losses.

Discover Financial Servicessaid it is buying another $2.5 billion in private
student loans from Citigroup. The deal comes nine months after Discover bought
Citi's private student loan business, the Student Loan Corp., and loans and
other assets totaling $4.2 billion.

Earnings

Barnes and Noble posted a fiscal first-quarter loss of $56.6 million - vs. a
$62.5 million loss a year ago - beating analyst expectations.

Economy

The Labor Department on Friday reported zero net job creation in August, far
worse than the 68,000 net jobs analysts had expected to be added. The
unemployment rate was unchanged at 9.1 percent. The July job growth number was
revised downward, as well, to only 85,000 jobs added that month - not the
117,000 estimated.

The White House budget office said  unemployment is likely to stay high through
2012.

Greece is likely to miss its budget targets in 2011, even if it fully implements
painful reforms, because of months of austerity delays by the government and a
predicted slowdown in the global economy, a parliamentary panel of financial
experts said.

Consumer confidence plunged to its lowest level in more than two years as
Americans' outlooks for employment and incomes soured. The Conference Board's
index slumped to 44.5, the weakest since April 2009, from a revised 59.2 reading
in July, figures from the New York-based research group showed Tuesday. It was
the biggest point drop since October 2008.

Manufacturinggrew a little slower in August than in July but didn't contract.
The ISM manufacturing index slipped to 50.6, down from 50.9 in July. Figures
greater than 50 signal expansion. Economists had projected the gauge would drop
to 48.5.

Washington

The Federal Housing Finance Agency, which oversees mortgage giants Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac, is expected to file suit against Bank of America, J.P. Morgan
Chase, Goldman Sachs and Deutsche Bank, among others - accusing them of
misrepresenting the quality of the mortgages they packaged and sold.

The SEC took a first step toward writing new regulations for use of derivatives
in investments by mutual and exchange-traded funds that hold more than $13
trillion in assets.

The National Transportation Safety Board blamed a series of missteps by Pacific
Gas & Electric for the largest pipeline accident in a decade, a suburban San
Francisco explosion that killed eight people in September 2010.

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. objected to Bank of America's proposed $8.5
billion mortgage-bond settlement with investors, joining investors and states
that are challenging the agreement.

Transitions

TechCrunch founder Michael Arringtonwill resign as editor of TechCrunch, a
popular technology blog, to run a $20 million venture-capital fund backed by
AOL, which owns TechCrunch, and private equity firms.

Wendy'ssaid CEO Roland Smith will step down, two months after engineering the
company's breakup with Arby's. He is being replaced by Emil Brolick, a fast-food
veteran with Yum Brands.

- From news services and staff reports

$300 billion                          trimmed from budget deficit

Cost-cutting and higher-than-expected tax collections help pare down the federal
deficit, according to new White House Projections. The national debt stands at
$14.6 trillion. The summer budget update, known as the "mid-session review,"
predicts that this year's deficit will be just over $1.3 trillion.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             232 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            September 4, 2011 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Antitrust suit threatens AT&T's bid for rival

BYLINE: - From news services;staff reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 1208 words


The Justice Department has sued to block AT&T's $39 billion purchase of
T-Mobile, saying the deal would leave consumers with fewer choices and higher
bills for mobile phone service that has become "indispensable" to the way
Americans live and do business. Â¶ In the deal to combine the second- and
fourth-largest wireless companies, AT&T would expand its network and gain as
much as $20 billion in spectrum. Â¶ AT&T vowed to challenge the lawsuit, setting
the stage for the most significant antitrust battle of the Obama administration,
which has vowed to rigorously police big business deals that are bad for
consumers. But Justice has rarely gone to court to stop blockbuster deals, and
it failed the last time it sued to prevent a big corporate merger, seven years
ago.

Business

Netflix, the largest U.S. video subscription service, hit its nearly 25 million
U.S subscribers with rate increases of as much as 60 percent. The sticker shock
is expected to make Redbox, which rents DVDs for $1 a day through kiosks, more
enticing to movie lovers.

A $1.3 billion jury verdict for Oracle in a copyright case against SAP, its
German rival, was thrown out by a judge who ruled that the evidence in the case
didn't support the large penalty; he suggested a $272 million settlement.

Exxon Mobil formed an alliance with OAO Rosneft, Russia's largest oil producer,
to drill from the Texas plains and Gulf of Mexico to the Arctic Ocean. The two
plan to spend an initial $3.2 billion exploring Russia's Arctic offshore and the
Black Sea.

Most major automakers reported healthy sales increases in August, led by
Chrysler's 31 percent jump. Toyota and Honda saw double-digit declines as they
continued to struggle with earthquake-related car shortages.

Bank of America will sell or wind down its correspondent mortgage business
lending division, which fulfills mortgage loans originated by other banks.

Boeing will move ahead with a new engine for its 737, matching a competing
Airbus plane and giving its best-selling jet the fuel efficiency that airlines
seek.

Goldman Sachs agreed to pay future Federal Reserve penalties and write down $53
million of mortgage loans in New York to gain approval for its sale of Litton
Loan Servicing. The Fed ordered Goldman Sachs to conduct an independent review
of Litton's foreclosures in 2009 and 2010 to address a "pattern of misconduct
and negligence," the regulator said. Litton's sale was completed to Ocwen
Financial.

Books-A-Million was cleared by a judge to take over 14 Borders stores that were
slated for closure.

Ford Motor workers at a plant near Kansas City, Mo., have voted to let their
union leaders call a strike against the company.

Starz, a pay-TV channel, motivated by a feud over fee increases, won't renew a
streaming deal with Netflix.

Solyndra, a California solar-panel manufacturer that President Obama had praised
as an energy leader, filed for bankruptcy. The company blamed "regulatory and
policy uncertainties" for a difficult business climate.

Amazon.com offered to build two distribution centers and hire as many as 7,000
workers if lawmakers give up trying to force the Internet giant to collect sales
taxes on purchases made by California customers.

Advertising revenue, newspapers' main source of revenue, has now been falling
for five years. Newspapers brought in nearly $6 billion from print and online
advertising combined during the second quarter, a 7 percent decline from the
same time in 2010.

Deals

Carl Icahn agreed to sell his Lions Gate Entertainment shares for $7 each,
roughly his cost, to end a battle for control of the independent film and
television studio.

The U.S. government, which has become the nation's biggest owner of residential
properties, is looking for ways to reduce and manage its huge inventory -
248,000 houses - without swamping the real estate market or exposing federal
agencies to enormous losses.

Discover Financial Services said it is buying another $2.5 billion in private
student loans from Citigroup. The deal comes nine months after Discover bought
Citi's private student loan business, the Student Loan Corp., and loans and
other assets totaling $4.2 billion.

Earnings

Barnes and Noble posted a fiscal first-quarter loss of $56.6 million - vs. a
$62.5 million loss a year ago - beating analyst expectations.

Economy

The Labor Department on Friday reported zero net job creation in August, far
worse than the 68,000 net jobs analysts had expected to be added. The
unemployment rate was unchanged at 9.1 percent. The July job growth number was
revised downward, as well, to only 85,000 jobs added that month - not the
117,000 estimated.

The White House budget office said  unemployment is likely to stay high through
2012.

Greece is likely to miss its budget targets in 2011, even if it fully implements
painful reforms, because of months of austerity delays by the government and a
predicted slowdown in the global economy, a parliamentary panel of financial
experts said.

Consumer confidence plunged to its lowest level in more than two years as
Americans' outlooks for employment and incomes soured. The Conference Board's
index slumped to 44.5, the weakest since April 2009, from a revised 59.2 reading
in July, figures from the New York-based research group showed Tuesday. It was
the biggest point drop since October 2008.

Manufacturing grew a little slower in August than in July but didn't contract.
The ISM manufacturing index slipped to 50.6, down from 50.9 in July. Figures
greater than 50 signal expansion. Economists had projected the gauge would drop
to 48.5.

Washington

The Federal Housing Finance Agency, which oversees mortgage giants Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac, is expected to file suit against Bank of America, J.P. Morgan
Chase, Goldman Sachs and Deutsche Bank, among others - accusing them of
misrepresenting the quality of the mortgages they packaged and sold.

The SEC took a first step toward writing new regulations for use of derivatives
in investments by mutual and exchange-traded funds that hold more than $13
trillion in assets.

The National Transportation Safety Board blamed a series of missteps by Pacific
Gas & Electric for the largest pipeline accident in a decade, a suburban San
Francisco explosion that killed eight people in September 2010.

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. objected to Bank of America's proposed $8.5
billion mortgage-bond settlement with investors, joining investors and states
that are challenging the agreement.

Transitions

TechCrunch founder Michael Arrington will resign as editor of TechCrunch, a
popular technology blog, to run a $20 million venture-capital fund backed by
AOL, which owns TechCrunch, and private equity firms.

Wendy's said CEO Roland Smith will step down, two months after engineering the
company's breakup with Arby's. He is being replaced by Emil Brolick, a fast-food
veteran with Yum Brands.

- From news services and staff reports

$300 billion                          trimmed from budget deficit

Cost-cutting and higher-than-expected tax collections help pare down the federal
deficit, according to new White House Projections. The national debt stands at
$14.6 trillion. The summer budget update, known as the "mid-session review,"
predicts that this year's deficit will be just over $1.3 trillion.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             233 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            September 2, 2011 Friday
                                Regional Edition

August auto sales beatanalysts'expectations

BYLINE: Dee-Ann Durbin

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 402 words


Fears that car buyers would stay away from dealerships in August didn't
materialize.

Instead, Americans were lured by new models, cheaper financing and the need to
replace aging cars. As a result, August sales rose 7.5 percent compared with the
same month last year, according to Autodata.

Most major automakers reported healthy sales increases in August, led by
Chrysler with a 31 percent jump. Toyota and Honda saw double-digit declines as
they continued to struggle with earthquake-related car shortages.

Results were better than expected. Some analysts thought that the volatile stock
market and Hurricane Irene would hurt sales. While it was easy for carmakers to
do better than last year - the worst August for the industry since a double-dip
recession in 1983 - the results also were a sign that sales could pick up speed
after a disappointing summer of little or no growth.

"Consumers are inching back into buying items and some big-ticket purchases,"
said Paul Ballew, a former General Motors chief economist who now works for
Nationwide Insurance.

If sales continue at August's pace, they would end the year at 12.1 million.
That's better than the 11.6 million last year, but still far below the 17
million in 2005.

Because they have cut staff and factories since the recession, automakers are
turning profits at the lower sales levels. But they're still hoping for a better
autumn, as supplies of Japanese cars get back to normal and new cars such as the
redesigned Toyota Camry go on sale.

Even Irene could boost sales, as people whose cars were damaged or destroyed
look for new ones.

Jesse Toprak, vice president of industry trends and insights for the car pricing
site TrueCar.com, said the hurricane cost automakers about 5,000 sales in the
last weekend of August, but he expects them to be made up later. GM said it will
offer $500 to car buyers in major disaster areas and let those buyers defer
payments for 90 days.

Chrysler's sales jump was due to strong demand for Jeeps and minivans. GM's
sales rose 18 percent, led by the Chevrolet Cruze small car, which accounted for
one in every 10 GM vehicles sold. Buyers also went for the Chevrolet Equinox and
GMC Terrain small crossovers.

New models also boosted Ford's sales, which rose 11 percent on the strength of
the Ford Explorer SUV and Ford Fiesta subcompact.

Toyota's sales fell almost 13 percent, while Honda's sales slid 24 percent.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             234 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     August 31, 2011 Wednesday 8:11 PM EST

How Steve Jobs could reboot the working class

BYLINE: Harold Meyerson

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 849 words


In the week since he announced he was stepping down as Apple's CEO, Steve Jobs
has been accorded the kind of demigod status that Americans bestow on the
handful of their countrymen who invent, manufacture and market the goods that
change their lives for the better. Jobs has been compared to any number of
iconic American innovators, but most tellingly to Thomas Edison and Henry Ford.

"Like Edison," wrote the New Yorker's Ken Auletta             , Jobs
"accomplished his imaginative feats without the crutch of survey results,"
because, like Edison, he was imagining products unlike any that had previously
existed. "Like Ford," wrote the New York Times's Joe Nocera             , who
"built the first automobile the middle class could afford," Jobs brought out a
line of inventions that Americans could buy even as their incomes flat-lined.

It will take some time and perspective before we can judge whether the mouse
(which Jobs popularized), the iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes and pixel animation
measure up to Edison's electric light, the recording of sound and motion
pictures as seminal human creations (although with his invention of motion
pictures, Edison created the technology for an entirely new art form - an
achievement for which I can think of no modern parallel). It's not too early,
though, for a more definitive comparison between Jobs and Ford.

The father of the assembly line and the Model-T is celebrated (and occasionally
condemned) for expanding mass production and mass consumption, for quickening
the pace of life and enlarging the scope of cities. Like Edison, Jobs and any
innovator whose creations lead to increases in productivity, Ford made his
nation richer. In the process, though, he did something that Edison and Jobs
didn't do: He created a new socioeconomic formation - a decently paid working
class.

Ford began producing his Model-T's at his Highland Park, Mich., factory in 1913.
One year later, he realized that he could expand his market by paying his
workers enough that they could afford to buy the cars they produced. With that,
he raised the pay of Ford assembly-line workers to an unheard-of $5 a day.

Ford didn't just build the first car the middle class could afford; he built the
middle class itself. The creation of the world's first majority-middle-class
nation was hardly Ford's handiwork alone, of course. It took the involvement of
people he viewed as his adversaries - business rivals, union leaders who got
beat up by Ford's goons but nonetheless organized industrial America, Franklin
Roosevelt and the co-authors of the New Deal - to create the broadly shared
prosperity that America enjoyed for the three decades that followed World War
II.

Steve Jobs, by contrast, has worked wonders for American consumers, but like
many of his business rivals he has abandoned nonprofessional American workers.
It wasn't always thus. In his first stint at Apple, in the mid-'80s, he built,
with Jobsian attention to form and function, a heavily automated factory in
Fremont, Calif., that employed hundreds of workers to turn out personal
computers. But the Macs didn't sell fast enough, Jobs was fired, and, in 1992,
the factory was closed.

Jobs returned to Apple in 1996, and within a few years, the company began
turning out its now-legendary product line. But its pods, pads and phones are
all assembled in China by Foxconn, a Taiwanese-owned contractor that employs
close to a million people, at least 250,000 of whom work solely on Jobs's
creations. Until last year, when a wave of worker suicides and labor unrest
forced Foxconn to raise wages and cut hours, the men and women who make the
stuff America loves worked 60-hour weeks at roughly 50 cents an hour.

Apple's American employees are well paid. Stateside, Apple employs designers of
hardware, software and packaging; marketers, managers, supply-chain gurus and
financial whizzes - a very talented crew. But not a very large one: In its most
recent annual filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Apple said it
directly employs 47,000 people worldwide - perhaps 30,000 of whom work in the
United States. It employs no U.S.-based production workers.

Which is why Jobs's elevation to our national pantheon is premature.

Bringing some of those production jobs home while holding down the price of his
products probably would require devising factories so automated that they
wouldn't employ all that many workers. Then again, Apple is sitting on $76
billion in cash, and Jobs is still Apple's chairman. Devoting a few billion to
reshape and restart American manufacturing, even if it employs fewer people than
in Henry Ford's time and narrows Apple's profit margins, could work wonders for
exports and, just possibly, lead to Jobs's most amazing invention of all: a
newly vibrant American working-class.

In America, we celebrate our great industrialists. We're not likely, some years
hence, to celebrate our great offshorers or the guys who built the companies
with the most unexpended cash.

meyersonh@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             235 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           August 31, 2011 Wednesday
                                Regional Edition

How Steve Jobs could reboot the working class

BYLINE: Harold Meyerson

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 831 words


In the week since he announced he was stepping down as Apple's CEO, Steve Jobs
has been accorded the kind of demigod status that Americans bestow on the
handful of their countrymen who invent, manufacture and market the goods that
change their lives for the better. Jobs has been compared to any number of
iconic American innovators, but most tellingly to Thomas Edison and Henry Ford.

"Like Edison," wrote the New Yorker's Ken Auletta, Jobs "accomplished his
imaginative feats without the crutch of survey results," because, like Edison,
he was imagining products unlike any that had previously existed. "Like Ford,"
wrote the New York Times's Joe Nocera, who "built the first automobile the
middle class could afford," Jobs brought out a line of inventions that Americans
could buy even as their incomes flat-lined.

It will take some time and perspective before we can judge whether the mouse
(which Jobs popularized), the iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes and pixel animation
measure up to Edison's electric light, the recording of sound and motion
pictures as seminal human creations (although with his invention of motion
pictures, Edison created the technology for an entirely new art form - an
achievement for which I can think of no modern parallel). It's not too early,
though, for a more definitive comparison between Jobs and Ford.

The father of the assembly line and the Model-T is celebrated (and occasionally
condemned) for expanding mass production and mass consumption, for quickening
the pace of life and enlarging the scope of cities. Like Edison, Jobs and any
innovator whose creations lead to increases in productivity, Ford made his
nation richer. In the process, though, he did something that Edison and Jobs
didn't do: He created a new socioeconomic formation - a decently paid working
class.

Ford began producing his Model-T's at his Highland Park, Mich., factory in 1913.
One year later, he realized that he could expand his market by paying his
workers enough that they could afford to buy the cars they produced. With that,
he raised the pay of Ford assembly-line workers to an unheard-of $5 a day.

Ford didn't just build the first car the middle class could afford; he built the
middle class itself. The creation of the world's first majority-middle-class
nation was hardly Ford's handiwork alone, of course. It took the involvement of
people he viewed as his adversaries - business rivals, union leaders who got
beat up by Ford's goons but nonetheless organized industrial America, Franklin
Roosevelt and the co-authors of the New Deal - to create the broadly shared
prosperity that America enjoyed for the three decades that followed World War
II.

Steve Jobs, by contrast, has worked wonders for American consumers, but like
many of his business rivals he has abandoned nonprofessional American workers.
It wasn't always thus. In his first stint at Apple, in the mid-'80s, he built,
with Jobsian attention to form and function, a heavily automated factory in
Fremont, Calif., that employed hundreds of workers to turn out personal
computers. But the Macs didn't sell fast enough, Jobs was fired, and, in 1992,
the factory was closed.

Jobs returned to Apple in 1996, and within a few years, the company began
turning out its now-legendary product line. But its pods, pads and phones are
all assembled in China by Foxconn, a Taiwanese-owned contractor that employs
close to a million people, at least 250,000 of whom work solely on Jobs's
creations. Until last year, when a wave of worker suicides and labor unrest
forced Foxconn to raise wages and cut hours, the men and women who make the
stuff America loves worked 60-hour weeks at roughly 50 cents an hour.

Apple's American employees are well paid. Stateside, Apple employs designers of
hardware, software and packaging; marketers, managers, supply-chain gurus and
financial whizzes - a very talented crew. But not a very large one: In its most
recent annual filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Apple said it
directly employs 47,000 people worldwide - perhaps 30,000 of whom work in the
United States. It employs no U.S.-based production workers.

Which is why Jobs's elevation to our national pantheon is premature.

Bringing some of those production jobs home while holding down the price of his
products probably would require devising factories so automated that they
wouldn't employ all that many workers. Then again, Apple is sitting on $76
billion in cash, and Jobs is still Apple's chairman. Devoting a few billion to
reshape and restart American manufacturing, even if it employs fewer people than
in Henry Ford's time and narrows Apple's profit margins, could work wonders for
exports and, just possibly, lead to Jobs's most amazing invention of all: a
newly vibrant American working-class.

In America, we celebrate our great industrialists. We're not likely, some years
hence, to celebrate our great offshorers or the guys who built the companies
with the most unexpended cash.

meyersonh@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             236 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      August 30, 2011 Tuesday 8:11 PM EST

SECTION: A section; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 637 words


detroit          Ford local gives UAWstrike authorization

Workers at a Ford Motor plant near Kansas City, Mo., have voted to let their
union leaders call a strike against the company.

United Auto Workers members at Ford's Claycomo plant voted 3,049 to 18 in favor
of authorizing a strike, local union President Jeff Wright said in an e-mail
Monday. The vote is standard procedure in contract negotiations and doesn't
necessarily mean that there will be a strike.

UAW President Bob King said Monday that he's "upbeat" about the negotiations and
doesn't expect a strike. He wouldn't give any details about the progress of the
talks, which officially began last month.

Workers at the Claycomo plant voted on Thursday and Saturday. They were among
the first in the company to cast ballots. All Ford workers represented by the
UAW will vote on the same issue by Sept. 2.

Contracts between the union and Ford, General Motors and Chrysler Group expire
Sept. 14.

All three companies are making money, and King said workers should share in the
newfound profits. But at the same time, he said companies must have labor costs
that are competitive with Asian rivals, mainly Honda and Toyota. King said one
priority for the union is raising the pay of entry-level workers. Those workers
make $14 an hour, or half the pay of legacy workers.

- Associated Press

real estate          Landlord woesfor Uncle Sam

For sale or rent by motivated owner: 248,000 foreclosed homes.

The U.S. government, which has become the nation's biggest owner of residential
properties, is looking for ways to reduce and manage its huge inventory without
swamping the real-estate market or exposing federal agencies to enormous losses.

Government-run Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the Federal Housing Administration
own about a third of the country's nearly 800,000 foreclosed properties. With
that inventory predicted to grow, they are looking for new ways to cope.

In an appeal this month, the agencies invited the public to send in suggestions
for managing the inventory, particularly ideas for turning foreclosed homes into
rentals.

Karen Petrou, managing partner of Federal Financial Analytics, said the unusual
appeal is a sign that the agencies recognize the backlog of distressed
properties has grown so large that it can't be sold off without inundating the
market and depressing prices.

"They're stuck," Petrou said. "All sorts of people are demanding they do
something. They don't know what to do, but they have to do something."

- Bloomberg News

Also in Business

l  Bank of America is selling half its stake in China Construction Bank to raise
cash and shore up its capital base. The nation's largest bank by assets said
Monday it will sell 13.1 billion shares in the Chinese bank for $8.3 billion to
a group of investors it declined to name. The sale, which had been expected,
will generate a gain of $3.3 billion for Bank of America. The news came four
days after the Charlotte-based bank got a $5 billion investment from Warren
Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway.

l  Computer Sciences of Falls Church received two contracts from the U.S. Postal
Service worth up to a combined $83 million if all options are exercised, the
company said Monday.  In afternoon trading, CSC shares rose $1.59, or 5.5
percent, to $30.42.

l   The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. objected to Bank of America's proposed
$8.5 billion mortgage-bond settlement with investors, joining investors and
states that are challenging the agreement.

- From news services

Coming Today

l  10 a.m.:Consumer confidence.

l  Earnings:1-800-FLOWERS.com, Allied Healthcare, Barnes & Noble, China New
Media, Dollar General, DSW Inc., Green Envirotech.

- From news services

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             237 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 30, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 608 words

detroit

Ford local gives UAWstrike authorization

Workers at a Ford Motor plant near Kansas City, Mo., have voted to let their
union leaders call a strike against the company.

United Auto Workers members at Ford's Claycomo plant voted 3,049 to 18 in favor
of authorizing a strike, local union President Jeff Wright said in an e-mail
Monday. The vote is standard procedure in contract negotiations and doesn't
necessarily mean that there will be a strike.

UAW President Bob King said Monday that he's "upbeat" about the negotiations and
doesn't expect a strike. He wouldn't give any details about the progress of the
talks, which officially began last month.

Workers at the Claycomo plant voted on Thursday and Saturday. They were among
the first in the company to cast ballots. All Ford workers represented by the
UAW will vote on the same issue by Sept. 2.

Contracts between the union and Ford, General Motors and Chrysler Group expire
Sept. 14.

All three companies are making money, and King said workers should share in the
newfound profits. But at the same time, he said companies must have labor costs
that are competitive with Asian rivals, mainly Honda and Toyota. King said one
priority for the union is raising the pay of entry-level workers. Those workers
make $14 an hour, or half the pay of legacy workers.

- Associated Press

real estate

Landlord woesfor Uncle Sam

For sale or rent by motivated owner: 248,000 foreclosed homes.

The U.S. government, which has become the nation's biggest owner of residential
properties, is looking for ways to reduce and manage its huge inventory without
swamping the real-estate market or exposing federal agencies to enormous losses.

Government-run Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the Federal Housing Administration
own about a third of the country's nearly 800,000 foreclosed properties. With
that inventory predicted to grow, they are looking for new ways to cope.

In an appeal this month, the agencies invited the public to send in suggestions
for managing the inventory, particularly ideas for turning foreclosed homes into
rentals.

Karen Petrou, managing partner of Federal Financial Analytics, said the unusual
appeal is a sign that the agencies recognize the backlog of distressed
properties has grown so large that it can't be sold off without inundating the
market and depressing prices.

"They're stuck," Petrou said. "All sorts of people are demanding they do
something. They don't know what to do, but they have to do something."

- Bloomberg News

Also in Business

lBank of America is selling half its stake in China Construction Bank to raise
cash and shore up its capital base. The nation's largest bank by assets said
Monday it will sell 13.1 billion shares in the Chinese bank for $8.3 billion to
a group of investors it declined to name. The sale, which had been expected,
will generate a gain of $3.3 billion for Bank of America. The news came four
days after the Charlotte-based bank got a $5 billion investment from Warren
Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway.

lComputer Sciences of Falls Church received two contracts from the U.S. Postal
Service worth up to a combined $83 million if all options are exercised, the
company said Monday.  In afternoon trading, CSC shares rose $1.59, or 5.5
percent, to $30.42.

l   The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. objected to Bank of America's proposed
$8.5 billion mortgage-bond settlement with investors, joining investors and
states that are challenging the agreement.

- From news services

Coming Today

l10 a.m.: Consumer confidence.

lEarnings: 1-800-FLOWERS.com, Allied Healthcare, Barnes & Noble, China New
Media, Dollar General, DSW Inc., Green Envirotech.

- From news services

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             238 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       August 28, 2011 Sunday 8:11 PM EST

Apple's chief innovator quits after run of wins

BYLINE: From news services;staff reports

SECTION: ; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 861 words


Steve Jobs, Apple's visionary founder, resigned as chief executive. In a letter
to the board, he said: "I have always said if there ever came a day when I could
no longer meet my duties and expectations as Apple's CEO, I would be the first
to let you know. Unfortunately, that day has come." In past years, Jobs has been
treated for a rare form of pancreatic cancer. Chief operating officer Tim Cook
will lead the company. Jobs will stay on as Apple employee and chairman, the No.
2 job. Apple's shares dropped 5.13 percent to $344.70 on the news. They closed
the week at $383.58.

Business

Googleagreed to pay $500 million to the government to avoid prosecution on
charges that it accepted illegal ads from online pharmacies.

Research in Motion will charge $4.99 a month for a music service on the
BlackBerry that allows users to share songs through instant messaging, in a bid
to draw users from rival Apple.

BP and the Coast Guard returned to the scene of last year's Deepwater Horizon
disaster after reports of numerous oily blobs rising to the surface of the Gulf
of Mexico a mile from the site. BP planned to send a robotic submersible to
examine the blown-out well that was cemented after the worst oil spill in U.S.
history.

Pentagon Federal Credit Union said that it is eliminating all ATM surcharges on
military installations worldwide, effective Sept. 1.

Ford Motor, General Motors, Chrysler Group and other auto companies have added
almost 90,000 manufacturing jobs in two years, a 14 percent increase, according
to federal employment data.

Ford and Toyota plan to collaborate and develop a hybrid system for pickup
trucks and sport-utility vehicles as U.S. fuel economy rules tighten.

Former New York governor Eliot L. Spitzer was hit with two libel lawsuits
seeking $90 million by former Marsh & McLennan executives over a column on Slate
about an insurance bid-rigging scandal. Slate's parent, Slate Group, is a
defendant in both cases. It is owned by The Washington Post Co.

Goldman Sachs shares fell sharply on the news that chief executive Lloyd
Blankfein has hired a top Washington defense lawyer. Blankfein and other top
executives at Goldman Sachs are facing inquiries from the Justice Department and
other agencies on the firm's practices leading up to the financial crisis.

UBSwill cut more than 5 percent of its work force, or 3,500 jobs.

Groupon, after aggressive expansion in China in recent months, closed the
offices  and dismissed hundreds of workers.

Hewlett-Packard will discontinue its TouchPad tablet and all WebOS devices.

Sprint Nextelwill begin selling the iPhone in October.

Verizon workers, threatened with the immediate loss of benefits, called off a
15-day strike and contract talks resumed.

Kraft Foods              is lowering its U.S. coffee prices by about 6 percent.

Deals

Duke Energysaid its purchase of North Carolina rival Progress Energy is on track
to close by year's end after shareholders of both companies voted in favor of
the deal, valued at $13.7 billion when it was announced in January.

Economy

Federal Reserve chief Ben S. Bernankesaid the central bank still has tools to
stimulate the economy without providing details or signaling when - or whether -
policymakers might deploy them.

Sales of new homes fell for the third straight month in July, a sign that
housing remains a drag on the economy. If the pace continues, 2011 would be the
worst year for new-home sales on record, dating back at least half a century.

U.S. banksboosted lending in the second quarter - the first increase in three
years.

Moody's Investors Service downgraded Japan's credit rating, citing the country's
weak growth prospects, massive government debt and political turmoil.

Washington

The Treasury Department recovered roughly $900 million during the first six
months of the year from sales of warrants it received from bailed-out financial
companies to offset losses from the Wall Street rescue program.

The FCC abolished the much-criticized "Fairness Doctrine" requiring broadcasters
to present opposing views of controversial issues. The regulation was
implemented in 1949 but hasn't been enforced in two decades.

SEC asked oil and gas companies for details on their use of fracking, a
controversial drilling process used to access natural gas.

Regulatorssought more detail from AT&T about why it seeks to acquire T-Mobile in
a $39 billion deal. A disclosure accidentally released by lawyers suggested it
could expand its wireless service to most Americans for a fraction of the
purchase price.

Transitions

Standard & Poor's will replace President Deven Sharma with Citibank chief
operating officer Douglas Peterson.

Sexual-assault chargesagainst former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn were
dismissed.

Iris the orangutan at the National Zoo appeared to be among the first to sense a
magnitude 5.8 earthquake rumbling toward Washington. Within a minute of the
quake in Mineral, Va., there were more than 40,000 quake-related tweets,
according to Twitter.

- From news services and staff reports

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             239 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 28, 2011 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Apple's chief innovator quits after run of wins

BYLINE: - From news services;staff reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 865 words


Steve Jobs, Apple's visionary founder, resigned as chief executive. In a letter
to the board, he said: "I have always said if there ever came a day when I could
no longer meet my duties and expectations as Apple's CEO, I would be the first
to let you know. Unfortunately, that day has come." In past years, Jobs has been
treated for a rare form of pancreatic cancer. Chief operating officer Tim Cook
will lead the company. Jobs will stay on as Apple employee and chairman, the No.
2 job. Apple's shares dropped 5.13 percent to $344.70 on the news. They closed
the week at $383.58.

Business

Google agreed to pay $500 million to the government to avoid prosecution on
charges that it accepted illegal ads from online pharmacies.

Research in Motion will charge $4.99 a month for a music service on the
BlackBerry that allows users to share songs through instant messaging, in a bid
to draw users from rival Apple.

BP and the Coast Guard returned to the scene of last year's Deepwater Horizon
disaster after reports of numerous oily blobs rising to the surface of the Gulf
of Mexico a mile from the site. BP planned to send a robotic submersible to
examine the blown-out well that was cemented after the worst oil spill in U.S.
history.

http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/gulf-coast-oil-spill/"
title="www.washingtonpost.comhttp://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/gulf-coast-oil
-spill/" title="www.washingtonpost.comPentagon Federal Credit Union said that it
is eliminating all ATM surcharges on military installations worldwide, effective
Sept. 1.

Ford Motor, General Motors, Chrysler Group and other auto companies have added
almost 90,000 manufacturing jobs in two years, a 14 percent increase, according
to federal employment data.

Ford and Toyota plan to collaborate and develop a hybrid system for pickup
trucks and sport-utility vehicles as U.S. fuel economy rules tighten.

Former New York governor Eliot L. Spitzer was hit with two libel lawsuits
seeking $90 million by former Marsh & McLennan executives over a column on Slate
about an insurance bid-rigging scandal. Slate's parent, Slate Group, is a
defendant in both cases. It is owned by The Washington Post Co.

Goldman Sachs shares fell sharply on the news that chief executive Lloyd
Blankfein has hired a top Washington defense lawyer. Blankfein and other top
executives at Goldman Sachs are facing inquiries from the Justice Department and
other agencies on the firm's practices leading up to the financial crisis.

UBS will cut more than 5 percent of its work force, or 3,500 jobs.

Groupon, after aggressive expansion in China in recent months, closed the
offices  and dismissed hundreds of workers.

Hewlett-Packard will discontinue its TouchPad tablet and all WebOS devices.

Sprint Nextel will begin selling the iPhone in October.

Verizon workers, threatened with the immediate loss of benefits, called off a
15-day strike and contract talks resumed.

Kraft Foodsis lowering its U.S. coffee prices by about 6 percent.

Deals

Duke Energy said its purchase of North Carolina rival Progress Energy is on
track to close by year's end after shareholders of both companies voted in favor
of the deal, valued at $13.7 billion when it was announced in January.

Economy

Federal Reserve chief Ben S. Bernanke said the central bank still has tools to
stimulate the economy without providing details or signaling when - or whether -
policymakers might deploy them.

Sales of new homes fell for the third straight month in July, a sign that
housing remains a drag on the economy. If the pace continues, 2011 would be the
worst year for new-home sales on record, dating back at least half a century.

U.S. banks boosted lending in the second quarter - the first increase in three
years.

Moody's Investors Service downgraded Japan's credit rating, citing the country's
weak growth prospects, massive government debt and political turmoil.

Washington

The Treasury Department recovered roughly $900 million during the first six
months of the year from sales of warrants it received from bailed-out financial
companies to offset losses from the Wall Street rescue program.

The FCC abolished the much-criticized "Fairness Doctrine" requiring broadcasters
to present opposing views of controversial issues. The regulation was
implemented in 1949 but hasn't been enforced in two decades.

SEC asked oil and gas companies for details on their use of fracking, a
controversial drilling process used to access natural gas.

Regulators sought more detail from AT&T about why it seeks to acquire T-Mobile
in a $39 billion deal. A disclosure accidentally released by lawyers suggested
it could expand its wireless service to most Americans for a fraction of the
purchase price.

Transitions

Standard & Poor's will replace President Deven Sharma with Citibank chief
operating officer Douglas Peterson.

Sexual-assault charges against former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn were
dismissed.

Iris the orangutan at the National Zoo appeared to be among the first to sense a
magnitude 5.8 earthquake rumbling toward Washington. Within a minute of the
quake in Mineral, Va., there were more than 40,000 quake-related tweets,
according to Twitter.

- From news services and staff reports

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             240 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       August 26, 2011 Friday 8:11 PM EST

SECTION: A section; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 703 words


AUTOMOTIVE          Carmakers adding manufacturing jobs

Taxpayers bailed out much of the U.S. auto industry. Now the carmakers could be
what saves the nation's economy from falling back into recession.

After a massive restructuring and several high-profile bankruptcies, a leaner,
more aggressive auto industry is making a comeback, hiring workers and ramping
up manufacturing plants. From a trough two years ago, Ford Motor, General
Motors, Chrysler Group and other auto companies have added almost 90,000
manufacturing jobs, a 14 percent increase, according to federal employment data.

Job growth in Michigan, which was devastated by the downturn, is even more
robust. That's why Michigan's jobless rate stood at 10.9 percent in July, well
below the 12 percent rate in California.

And it's not just the Big Three American manufacturers that are thriving.
Nissan, Volkswagen and other foreign firms are expanding in the United States,
putting billions of dollars into building and refurbishing plants.

Dealers are having a banner year, making more money per sale than they have in
years and hiring back some workers shed during the recession.

The Commerce Department said Wednesday that orders for autos and auto parts
jumped 11.5 percent in July, the most in eight years. That followed an earlier
government report on industrial production that showed the auto industry was the
strongest segment of the manufacturing economy last month.

- Los Angeles Times

BANKING          Credit union stops ATM fees on bases

Pentagon Federal Credit Union said Thursday that it is eliminating all ATM
surcharges on military installations worldwide, effective Sept. 1.

This means that even if a non-PenFed ATM or debit card is used in one of
PenFed's on-base machines, the credit union won't assess an additional service
charge against the cardholder.

- Associated Press

Also in Business

l  The IMF saysits former leader, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, will soon visit the
organization now that his sexual assault case has been dismissed. IMF spokesman
David Hawley said Strauss-Kahn could return to the District as early as next
week but did not say why he was visiting.

l  The Coast Guard and BP have returned to the scene of last year's Deepwater
Horizon disaster after a newspaper reported numerous oily blobs rising to the
surface of the Gulf of Mexico a mile from the site. BP is sending a robotic
submersible to examine the blown-out well that was cemented last August and
declared dead a month later.

An initial search turned up no sign of oil at the surface, and BP said in a
statement Thursday that there is no indication that its Macondo well is leaking.
But the report by the Press-Register in Mobile, Ala., has incited a flurry of
investigatory activity around the well, which blew out on April 20, 2010, in
what became the worst oil spill in U.S. history.

l  Hormel Foods said third-quarter net income climbed 15 percent as it charged
more for its products and its overseas revenue rose, beating Wall Street's
expectations. The company, which makes Dinty Moore stew and Jennie-O turkey
products, also boosted its outlook for the full year.

l  Research in Motion plans to charge $4.99 a month for a music service on the
BlackBerry smartphone that allows users to share songs through instant
messaging, in a bid to draw new users and challenge Apple. BBM Music allows
BlackBerry Messenger users to share up to 50 tracks with others, discuss songs
and build playlists based on their preferences, said Alistair Mitchell, vice
president, BBM Platform & Integrated Services. The service will be introduced in
15 countries in regions including North America, Europe and Asia between now and
the end of the year, he said.

l  The Treasury Departmentsays it has recovered roughly $900 million during the
first six months of the year from sales of warrants it received from bailed-out
financial companies to offset losses from the Wall Street rescue program.

- From staff reports and news services

Coming Today

l  8:30 a.m.:GDP report for second quarter

l  9:55 a.m.:Consumer sentiment

l  Earnings reports:Tiffany

- From news services

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             241 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 26, 2011 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 678 words

AUTOMOTIVE

Carmakers adding manufacturing jobs

Taxpayers bailed out much of the U.S. auto industry. Now the carmakers could be
what saves the nation's economy from falling back into recession.

After a massive restructuring and several high-profile bankruptcies, a leaner,
more aggressive auto industry is making a comeback, hiring workers and ramping
up manufacturing plants. From a trough two years ago, Ford Motor, General
Motors, Chrysler Group and other auto companies have added almost 90,000
manufacturing jobs, a 14 percent increase, according to federal employment data.

Job growth in Michigan, which was devastated by the downturn, is even more
robust. That's why Michigan's jobless rate stood at 10.9 percent in July, well
below the 12 percent rate in California.

And it's not just the Big Three American manufacturers that are thriving.
Nissan, Volkswagen and other foreign firms are expanding in the United States,
putting billions of dollars into building and refurbishing plants.

Dealers are having a banner year, making more money per sale than they have in
years and hiring back some workers shed during the recession.

The Commerce Department said Wednesday that orders for autos and auto parts
jumped 11.5 percent in July, the most in eight years. That followed an earlier
government report on industrial production that showed the auto industry was the
strongest segment of the manufacturing economy last month.

- Los Angeles Times

BANKING

Credit union stops ATM fees on bases

â[#x20ac][#x192]Pentagon Federal Credit Union said Thursday that it is
eliminating all ATM surcharges on military installations worldwide, effective
Sept. 1.

â[#x20ac][#x192]This means that even if a non-PenFed ATM or debit card is used
in one of PenFed's on-base machines, the credit union won't assess an additional
service charge against the cardholder.

- Associated Press

Also in Business

lThe IMF says its former leader, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, will soon visit the
organization now that his sexual assault case has been dismissed. IMF spokesman
David Hawley said Strauss-Kahn could return to the District as early as next
week but did not say why he was visiting.

lThe Coast Guard and BP have returned to the scene of last year's Deepwater
Horizon disaster after a newspaper reported numerous oily blobs rising to the
surface of the Gulf of Mexico a mile from the site. BP is sending a robotic
submersible to examine the blown-out well that was cemented last August and
declared dead a month later.

An initial search turned up no sign of oil at the surface, and BP said in a
statement Thursday that there is no indication that its Macondo well is leaking.
But the report by the Press-Registerin Mobile, Ala., has incited a flurry of
investigatory activity around the well, which blew out on April 20, 2010, in
what became the worst oil spill in U.S. history.

lHormel Foods said third-quarter net income climbed 15 percent as it charged
more for its products and its overseas revenue rose, beating Wall Street's
expectations. The company, which makes Dinty Moore stew and Jennie-O turkey
products, also boosted its outlook for the full year.

lResearch in Motion plans to charge $4.99 a month for a music service on the
BlackBerry smartphone that allows users to share songs through instant
messaging, in a bid to draw new users and challenge Apple. BBM Music allows
BlackBerry Messenger users to share up to 50 tracks with others, discuss songs
and build playlists based on their preferences, said Alistair Mitchell, vice
president, BBM Platform & Integrated Services. The service will be introduced in
15 countries in regions including North America, Europe and Asia between now and
the end of the year, he said.

lThe Treasury Department says it has recovered roughly $900 million during the
first six months of the year from sales of warrants it received from bailed-out
financial companies to offset losses from the Wall Street rescue program.

- From staff reports and news services

Coming Today

l8:30 a.m.: GDP report for second quarter

l9:55 a.m.: Consumer sentiment

lEarnings reports: Tiffany

- From news services

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             242 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      August 23, 2011 Tuesday 8:11 PM EST

SECTION: A section; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 664 words


AUTOMOTIVE          Ford, Toyota team up on hybrid system

Ford and Toyota plan to collaborate to develop a hybrid system for pickup trucks
and sport-utility vehicles as U.S. fuel economy rules tighten.

The automakers reached a preliminary agreement that calls for selling vehicles
with the technology this decade, as well as working together on in-car
communications systems and Internet- based services, according to a joint
statement.

Ford is joining forces with Toyota, maker of the best-selling Prius
gasoline-electric car, as the U.S. automaker plans to triple North American
output of electric vehicles and hybrids to more than 100,000 by 2013.

Ford chief executive Alan Mulally and Toyota President Akio Toyoda personally
negotiated the potential tie-up, said Derrick Kuzak, Ford's product development
chief.

The companies want to have a final agreement by next year, focused on developing
a rear-wheel-drive system to handle larger vehicles, Kuzak said Monday in
Dearborn, Mich.

- Bloomberg News

LEGAL          2 libel suits target Spitzer over column

Former New York governor Eliot L. Spitzer was hit with two libel lawsuits
seeking $90 million by former Marsh & McLennan executives over a column on Slate
about an insurance bid-rigging scandal.

The lawsuits arose from Spitzer's Aug. 22, 2010, column, "They Still Don't Get
It," advocating prosecution of corporate wrongdoers and defending his own
enforcement activity against Marsh and insurer American International Group.

William Gilman, a former Marsh executive marketing director, and Edward
McNenney, a former Marsh global placement director, said they were defamed by
the column, which appeared three months after a judge threw out their
convictions on felony antitrust charges. Neither is named in the column.

Slate's parent, Slate Group, is a defendant in both cases. It is owned by The
Washington Post Co.

Gilman filed his $60 million lawsuit in the U.S. District Court in Manhattan,
while McNenney filed papers seeking $30 million with the New York State Supreme
Court in Manhattan. Both cases were filed Friday and made public Monday.

Spitzer declined to comment after the first of the lawsuits, Gilman's, became
public. Rima Calderon, a Washington Post spokeswoman, declined to comment.

- Reuters

Also in Business

l  Standard & Poor'swill replace President Deven Sharma with Citibank chief
operating officer Douglas Peterson on Sept. 12, the rating agency's parent
McGraw-Hill said in an e-mailed statement. The Financial Times and Wall Street
Journal, citing people familiar with the matter, said Sharma's resignation was
in the works before S&P downgraded the United States' AAA credit ranking Aug. 5.

l Goldman Sachsshares fell sharply following news that chief executive Lloyd
Blankfein has hired a top Washington defense lawyer. Blankfein and other top
executives at Goldman Sachs are facing inquiries from the Justice Department and
other agencies on the firm's practices leading up to the financial crisis.
Goldman confirmed a report from Reuters that Blankfein has retained Reid
Weingarten from the law firm Steptoe & Johnson.

l  The TouchPadis selling out after HP announced that it will discontinue the
tablet and all WebOS devices on Thursday. The company dropped the TouchPad's
price to $99.99 from its heavily discounted retail price of $399 for the 16GB
version and $499 for the 32 GB version. The tablet is sold out on HP's Web site,
and Best Buy stores - which had reportedly been sitting on a huge stockpile of
the devices - were cleaned out of their stock over the weekend.

- From news services

Coming Today

l  10 a.m.:New-home sales report.

l  8:45 a.m.:Former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan addresses MeriTalk's
Innovation Nation 2011 conference, Washington Convention Center.

l  Earnings reports:Books-a-Million, H.J. Heinz, La-Z-Boy, Medtronic,
Williams-Sonoma.

- From news services

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             243 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 639 words

AUTOMOTIVE

Ford, Toyota team up on hybrid system

Ford and Toyota plan to collaborate to develop a hybrid system for pickup trucks
and sport-utility vehicles as U.S. fuel economy rules tighten.

The automakers reached a preliminary agreement that calls for selling vehicles
with the technology this decade, as well as working together on in-car
communications systems and Internet- based services, according to a joint
statement.

Ford is joining forces with Toyota, maker of the best-selling Prius
gasoline-electric car, as the U.S. automaker plans to triple North American
output of electric vehicles and hybrids to more than 100,000 by 2013.

Ford chief executive Alan Mulally and Toyota President Akio Toyoda personally
negotiated the potential tie-up, said Derrick Kuzak, Ford's product development
chief.

The companies want to have a final agreement by next year, focused on developing
a rear-wheel-drive system to handle larger vehicles, Kuzak said Monday in
Dearborn, Mich.

- Bloomberg News

LEGAL

2 libel suits target Spitzer over column

Former New York governor Eliot L. Spitzer was hit with two libel lawsuits
seeking $90 million by former Marsh & McLennan executives over a column on Slate
about an insurance bid-rigging scandal.

The lawsuits arose from Spitzer's Aug. 22, 2010, column, "They Still Don't Get
It," advocating prosecution of corporate wrongdoers and defending his own
enforcement activity against Marsh and insurer American International Group.

William Gilman, a former Marsh executive marketing director, and Edward
McNenney, a former Marsh global placement director, said they were defamed by
the column, which appeared three months after a judge threw out their
convictions on felony antitrust charges. Neither is named in the column.

Slate's parent, Slate Group, is a defendant in both cases. It is owned by The
Washington Post Co.

Gilman filed his $60 million lawsuit in the U.S. District Court in Manhattan,
while McNenney filed papers seeking $30 million with the New York State Supreme
Court in Manhattan. Both cases were filed Friday and made public Monday.

Spitzer declined to comment after the first of the lawsuits, Gilman's, became
public. Rima Calderon, a Washington Post spokeswoman, declined to comment.

- Reuters

Also in Business

lStandard & Poor's will replace President Deven Sharma with Citibank chief
operating officer Douglas Peterson on Sept. 12, the rating agency's parent
McGraw-Hill said in an e-mailed statement. The Financial Times and Wall Street
Journal, citing people familiar with the matter, said Sharma's resignation was
in the works before S&P downgraded the United States' AAA credit ranking Aug. 5.

l Goldman Sachs shares fell sharply following news that chief executive Lloyd
Blankfein has hired a top Washington defense lawyer. Blankfein and other top
executives at Goldman Sachs are facing inquiries from the Justice Department and
other agencies on the firm's practices leading up to the financial crisis.
Goldman confirmed a report from Reuters that Blankfein has retained Reid
Weingarten from the law firm Steptoe & Johnson.

lThe TouchPad is selling out after HP announced that it will discontinue the
tablet and all WebOS devices on Thursday. The company dropped the TouchPad's
price to $99.99 from its heavily discounted retail price of $399 for the 16GB
version and $499 for the 32 GB version. The tablet is sold out on HP's Web site,
and Best Buy stores - which had reportedly been sitting on a huge stockpile of
the devices - were cleaned out of their stock over the weekend.

- From news services

Coming Today

l10 a.m.: New-home sales report.

l8:45 a.m.: Former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan addresses MeriTalk's
Innovation Nation 2011 conference, Washington Convention Center.

lEarnings reports: Books-a-Million, H.J. Heinz, La-Z-Boy, Medtronic,
Williams-Sonoma.

- From news services

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             244 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      August 3, 2011 Wednesday 8:11 PM EST

TV Highlights: 'Truck Stop, Missouri' on Travel Channel, 'Franklin & Bash'
finale

BYLINE: Emily Yahr

SECTION: Style; Pg. C05

LENGTH: 367 words


HIGHLIGHTS

"Franklin & Bash" (TNT at 9 p.m.) wraps up for the season, but fear not - the
guys will be back next year; the show was just renewed for another season. In
the finale, Franklin and Bash get help from a prominent lawyer when they defend
a man charged with murder.

Roseanne is in charge of cooking the Passover meal on "Roseanne's Nuts"(Lifetime
at 9), and to make the challenge even more difficult, is determined to use only
vegetables from her farm.

Libby's mother (guest star Julie Benz) needs Hank's help when an accident wound
refuses to heal on "Royal Pains"(USA at 9), and while Hank offers assistance,
Evan throws caution to the wind and decides to propose to Paige.

New docu-series"Truck Stop, Missouri"(Travel at 10, 10:30) features all the
wacky things that happen at a popular truck stop located halfway between St.
Louis and Kansas City.

"Fashion" is the theme of "Rocco's Dinner Party" (Bravo at 10), as the
contestants try to impress Rocco's latest group, which includes "Hairspray"
actress Nikki Blonsky.

Dani stresses out about her high school reunion on "Necessary Roughness"(USA at
10), especially because her ex will be in attendance; meanwhile, all the
attention starts to get to T.K., and Dani counsels an extreme-sports athlete
suffering from debilitating nightmares.

Kelly finds out the results of her blood test on "Rescue Me" (FX at 10), while
Sean goes on a date with a bridal store clerk and Tommy braces for drama when
his 9/11 interview airs.

Victoria's colleague at the TV station loves playing practical jokes on "Hot in
Cleveland" (TV Land at 10), so Victoria teams up with Joy to teach him a lesson.

Five couples remain on"Love in the Wild"(NBC at 10), and to stay in the game
they must conquer such tasks as climbing up a scary rope ladder and taking a
trip down a mudslide in the Costa Rican jungle.

Actress Emma Stone is a guest on "Late Show With David Letterman"(CBS at 11:35),
along with Ford Motor Co. CEO Alan Mulally.

"The Tonight Show With Jay Leno"(NBC at 11:35) hosts actor Jeremy Piven, reality
star Kelly Osbourne and musical guest Mariachi El Bronx.

- Emily Yahr

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             245 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 3, 2011 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

TV Highlights: 'Truck Stop, Missouri' on Travel Channel, 'Franklin & Bash'
finale

BYLINE: - Emily Yahr

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C05

LENGTH: 353 words

HIGHLIGHTS

"Franklin & Bash" (TNT at 9 p.m.) wraps up for the season, but fear not - the
guys will be back next year; the show was just renewed for another season. In
the finale, Franklin and Bash get help from a prominent lawyer when they defend
a man charged with murder.

Roseanne is in charge of cooking the Passover meal on "Roseanne's Nuts"
(Lifetime at 9), and to make the challenge even more difficult, is determined to
use only vegetables from her farm.

Libby's mother (guest star Julie Benz) needs Hank's help when an accident wound
refuses to heal on "Royal Pains" (USA at 9), and while Hank offers assistance,
Evan throws caution to the wind and decides to propose to Paige.

New docu-series "Truck Stop, Missouri" (Travel at 10, 10:30) features all the
wacky things that happen at a popular truck stop located halfway between St.
Louis and Kansas City.

"Fashion" is the theme of "Rocco's Dinner Party" (Bravo at 10), as the
contestants try to impress Rocco's latest group, which includes "Hairspray"
actress Nikki Blonsky.

Dani stresses out about her high school reunion on "Necessary Roughness" (USA at
10), especially because her ex will be in attendance; meanwhile, all the
attention starts to get to T.K., and Dani counsels an extreme-sports athlete
suffering from debilitating nightmares.

Kelly finds out the results of her blood test on "Rescue Me" (FX at 10), while
Sean goes on a date with a bridal store clerk and Tommy braces for drama when
his 9/11 interview airs.

Victoria's colleague at the TV station loves playing practical jokes on "Hot in
Cleveland" (TV Land at 10), so Victoria teams up with Joy to teach him a lesson.

Five couples remain on "Love in the Wild" (NBC at 10), and to stay in the game
they must conquer such tasks as climbing up a scary rope ladder and taking a
trip down a mudslide in the Costa Rican jungle.

Actress Emma Stone is a guest on "Late Show With David Letterman" (CBS at
11:35), along with Ford Motor Co. CEO Alan Mulally.

"The Tonight Show With Jay Leno" (NBC at 11:35) hosts actor Jeremy Piven,
reality star Kelly Osbourne and musical guest Mariachi El Bronx.

- Emily Yahr

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             246 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      July 27, 2011 Wednesday 8:11 PM EST

SECTION: A section; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 792 words


CONTRACTING           Ex-Blackwater firm moving to D.C. area

The private security contractor once known as Blackwater is moving its corporate
headquarters to the Washington area.

Xe Services said Tuesday that it will move from North Carolina to Arlington. The
firm will retain its training operations elsewhere, including at its largest
facility in Moyock, N.C.

"While we remain fully committed to our world-class training facility in North
Carolina, having a footprint in Washington will allow us to better interact with
our current and future U.S. government and corporate customers," Xe's chief
executive, Ted Wright, said in a statement.

Xe was acquired by USTC Holdings, an investor consortium, in December 2010,
after a string of controversies involving its operations in Iraq and elsewhere.
The firm is also facing accusations from a pair of employees that it overbilled
the government for work protecting State Department employees in Iraq and
Afghanistan. The company has denied such allegations in the past.

Xe still has major contracts with the Pentagon, the State Department and other
U.S. agencies. In recent months, USTC has made several prominent hires,
including well-known Washington figures.

Former attorney general John D. Ashcroft serves as Xe's ethics adviser, and Jack
Quinn, a top lobbyist and former counsel to President Bill Clinton, is an
independent director.

- Jason Ukman

EARNINGS

Ford's profit falls    on higher costs

Ford's ambitious plans to grow in Asia took a toll on its second-quarter profit,
with higher costs to design and sell cars offsetting rising sales. The company's
net income fell 8 percent, to $2.4 billion, for the April-June period.

Ford blamed higher prices for steel and other commodities, but also said that
after years of restructuring, the company is strong enough to spend heavily on
future growth. Ford spent $400 million more on engineering and advertising new
vehicles than it did a year earlier.

"That's the new thing for Ford, that we are investing in the future," said Chief
Financial Officer Lewis Booth.

Rival Chrysler Group also took a hit, reporting a loss of $370 million in the
quarter. Like Ford, Chrysler said the loss was a sign of a healthier balance
sheet. Without a $551 million accounting charge for refinancing bailout debts to
the U.S. and Canadian governments, Chrysler would have earned $181 million.

- Associated Press

Also in Business

l   Alabama's largest countybegan laying the groundwork Tuesday for what would
be the largest-ever U.S. municipal bankruptcy, after three years of trying to
work out a solution with Wall Street to more than $3 billion in debt linked to a
massive sewer rehabilitation project tainted by corruption. Officials in
Jefferson County hope to avoid new layoffs but may have to raise sewer rates or
trim public services.

l  Lockheed Martin, the world's largest defense company, boosted its full-year
profit estimate as second-quarter profit rose 3.9 percent, aided by higher sales
and profits from orders for the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. Lockheed shares rose
the most in three months after the company raised full-year profit estimates.
For 2011, earnings per share will be in the range of $7.35 to $7.55 -- an
increase from the earlier projection of $6.95 to $7.25 a share made in April,
Lockheed said.

l               Americans' confidence in the economy continues its rollercoaster
ride two years into the recovery. As their short-term outlook on jobs and income
eased somewhat amid a mix of optimistic and bad economic news, U.S. consumers'
confidence rose slightly to 59.5 in July, according to a survey released Tuesday
by a private research group. That's up from a revised 57.6 in June - which
marked a seven-month low in the measure - but still well below the reading of 90
that signals a healthy economy on the Conference Board's consumer confidence
index. It hasn't approached that level since the recession began in December
2007.

l               Facebook is in talks to let developers sell virtual goods within
mobile Web browsers, part of an effort to generate more revenue from smartphones
and tablet computers, three people familiar with the matter said.

- From news services

Coming Today

l  8:30 a.m.:Commerce report released on durable goods.

l  10 a.m.:Congressional hearings on tax code's affect on hiring, credit-rating
agencies, bankruptcy trustee responsibilities.

l  11:30 a.m.:Airfare reports released.

l  Earnings:Aetna, Boeing, Churchill Downs, ConocoPhillips, Crocs, Delta Air,
Moody's, Nasdaq OMX, Northrop Grumman, Shutterfly, Tupperware, Whole Foods.

- From news services

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             247 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            July 27, 2011 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 759 words

CONTRACTING

Ex-Blackwater firm moving to D.C. area

The private security contractor once known as Blackwater is moving its corporate
headquarters to the Washington area.

-">Xe Services said Tuesday that it will move from North Carolina to Arlington.
The firm will retain its training operations elsewhere, including at its largest
facility in Moyock, N.C.

"While we remain fully committed to our world-class training facility in North
Carolina, having a footprint in Washington will allow us to better interact with
our current and future U.S. government and corporate customers," Xe's chief
executive, Ted Wright, said in a statement.

Xe was acquired by -">USTC Holdings, an investor consortium, in December 2010,
after a string of controversies involving its operations in Iraq and elsewhere.
The firm is also facing accusations from a pair of employees that it overbilled
the government for work protecting State Department employees in Iraq and
Afghanistan. The company has denied such allegations in the past.

Xe still has major contracts with the Pentagon, the State Department and other
U.S. agencies. In recent months, USTC has made several prominent hires,
including well-known Washington figures.

Former attorney general -">John D. Ashcroft serves as Xe's ethics adviser, and
-">Jack Quinn, a top lobbyist and former counsel to President Bill Clinton, is
an independent director.

- Jason Ukman

EARNINGS

Ford's profit falls    on higher costs

Ford's ambitious plans to grow in Asia took a toll on its second-quarter profit,
with higher costs to design and sell cars offsetting rising sales. The company's
net income fell 8 percent, to $2.4 billion, for the April-June period.

Ford blamed higher prices for steel and other commodities, but also said that
after years of restructuring, the company is strong enough to spend heavily on
future growth. Ford spent $400 million more on engineering and advertising new
vehicles than it did a year earlier.

"That's the new thing for Ford, that we are investing in the future," said Chief
Financial Officer Lewis Booth.

Rival Chrysler Group also took a hit, reporting a loss of $370 million in the
quarter. Like Ford, Chrysler said the loss was a sign of a healthier balance
sheet. Without a $551 million accounting charge for refinancing bailout debts to
the U.S. and Canadian governments, Chrysler would have earned $181 million.

- Associated Press

Also in Business

lAlabama's largest county began laying the groundwork Tuesday for what would be
the largest-ever U.S. municipal bankruptcy, after three years of trying to work
out a solution with Wall Street to more than $3 billion in debt linked to a
massive sewer rehabilitation project tainted by corruption. Officials in
Jefferson County hope to avoid new layoffs but may have to raise sewer rates or
trim public services.

lLockheed Martin, the world's largest defense company, boosted its full-year
profit estimate as second-quarter profit rose 3.9 percent, aided by higher sales
and profits from orders for the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. Lockheed shares rose
the most in three months after the company raised full-year profit estimates.
For 2011, earnings per share will be in the range of $7.35 to $7.55 -- an
increase from the earlier projection of $6.95 to $7.25 a share made in April,
Lockheed said.

lAmericans' confidence in the economycontinues its rollercoaster ride two years
into the recovery. As their short-term outlook on jobs and income eased somewhat
amid a mix of optimistic and bad economic news, U.S. consumers' confidence rose
slightly to 59.5 in July, according to a survey released Tuesday by a private
research group. That's up from a revised 57.6 in June - which marked a
seven-month low in the measure - but still well below the reading of 90 that
signals a healthy economy on the Conference Board's consumer confidence index.
It hasn't approached that level since the recession began in December 2007.

lFacebook is in talks to let developers sell virtual goods within mobile Web
browsers, part of an effort to generate more revenue from smartphones and tablet
computers, three people familiar with the matter said.

- From news services

Coming Today

l8:30 a.m.: Commerce report released on durable goods.

l10 a.m.: Congressional hearings on tax code's affect on hiring, credit-rating
agencies, bankruptcy trustee responsibilities.

l11:30 a.m.: Airfare reports released.

lEarnings: Aetna, Boeing, Churchill Downs, ConocoPhillips, Crocs, Delta Air,
Moody's, Nasdaq OMX, Northrop Grumman, Shutterfly, Tupperware, Whole Foods.

- From news services

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             248 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        July 18, 2011 Monday 8:11 PM EST

TV Highlights: 'Magic Beyond Words: The J.K. Rowling Story'; 'Giuliana & Bill'

BYLINE: Emily Yahr

SECTION: Style; Pg. C06

LENGTH: 369 words


HIGHLIGHTS

Google exec Marissa Mayer sits down with Martha Stewart on the prime-time
interview special "Martha Stewart Presents: Women With Vision" (Hallmark at 8
p.m.). Stewart also talks to Emily Rafferty, president of New York's
Metropolitan Museum of Art, among other powerful women.

"Hell's Kitchen" (Fox at 8) starts its ninth season with 18 new chefs trying to
impress Gordon Ramsay, who splits the contestants into two teams, men vs. women.
They have to create a signature dish.

Bill and Giuliana Rancic have gone back and forth over the seasons of "Giuliana
& Bill" (Style at 8) about whether they want to reside in Los Angeles or Chicago
- and if you thought they decided on Chicago last season . . . surprise! They
choose Los Angeles and aim to get settled in California in the Season 4
premiere.

Many have heard the story about J.K. Rowling living as a single mother on
welfare before she hit the jackpot with the Harry Potter series, and now you can
see the tale with a Lifetime original-movie twist. Starring Poppy Montgomery,
"Magic Beyond Words: The J.K. Rowling Story" (Lifetime at 9) chronicles
Rowling's life from her beginnings to becoming one of the richest authors in the
world.

Documentary "Mann v. Ford"(HBO at 9) looks at a class-action lawsuit against
Ford Motor Co., as members of New Jersey's Ramapough Mountain Indian tribe try
to recover after the dumping of toxic waste in the community.

A young housesitter is killed on "The Closer" (TNT at 9), and while Brenda and
the team investigate, the police station is rocked by department shifts and
Brenda's department gets an audit.

The "Pawn Stars" (History at 10, 10:30) experts get a taste of celebrity when
they discover a script from "The Godfather" with an autograph from Al Pacino and
find a 1940s motorcycle that belonged to Steve McQueen.

Musicians Bono and the Edge are on "Late Show With David Letterman" (CBS at
11:35), along with a performance from the Broadway musical "Spider-Man: Turn Off
the Dark."

"The Tonight Show With Jay Leno" (NBC at 11:35) hosts actor Neil Patrick Harris,
cake expert Buddy Valastro and singer Imelda May.

- Emily Yahr

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             249 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 18, 2011 Monday
                                 Met 2 Edition

TV Highlights: 'Magic Beyond Words: The J.K. Rowling Story'; 'Giuliana & Bill'

BYLINE: - Emily Yahr

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C06

LENGTH: 355 words

HIGHLIGHTS

Google exec Marissa Mayer sits down with Martha Stewart on the prime-time
interview special "Martha Stewart Presents: Women With Vision" (Hallmark at 8
p.m.). Stewart also talks to Emily Rafferty, president of New York's
Metropolitan Museum of Art, among other powerful women.

"Hell's Kitchen" (Fox at 8) starts its ninth season with 18 new chefs trying to
impress Gordon Ramsay, who splits the contestants into two teams, men vs. women.
They have to create a signature dish.

Bill and Giuliana Rancic have gone back and forth over the seasons of "Giuliana
& Bill" (Style at 8) about whether they want to reside in Los Angeles or Chicago
- and if you thought they decided on Chicago last season . . . surprise! They
choose Los Angeles and aim to get settled in California in the Season 4
premiere.

Many have heard the story about J.K. Rowling living as a single mother on
welfare before she hit the jackpot with the Harry Potter series, and now you can
see the tale with a Lifetime original-movie twist. Starring Poppy Montgomery,
"Magic Beyond Words: The J.K. Rowling Story" (Lifetime at 9) chronicles
Rowling's life from her beginnings to becoming one of the richest authors in the
world.

Documentary "Mann v. Ford" (HBO at 9) looks at a class-action lawsuit against
Ford Motor Co., as members of New Jersey's Ramapough Mountain Indian tribe try
to recover after the dumping of toxic waste in the community.

A young housesitter is killed on "The Closer" (TNT at 9), and while Brenda and
the team investigate, the police station is rocked by department shifts and
Brenda's department gets an audit.

The "Pawn Stars" (History at 10, 10:30) experts get a taste of celebrity when
they discover a script from "The Godfather" with an autograph from Al Pacino and
find a 1940s motorcycle that belonged to Steve McQueen.

Musicians Bono and the Edge are on "Late Show With David Letterman" (CBS at
11:35), along with a performance from the Broadway musical "Spider-Man: Turn Off
the Dark."

"The Tonight Show With Jay Leno" (NBC at 11:35) hosts actor Neil Patrick Harris,
cake expert Buddy Valastro and singer Imelda May.

- Emily Yahr

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             250 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        July 10, 2011 Sunday 8:11 PM EST

SECTION: Metro; Pg. C07

LENGTH: 714 words


Alice D. Ford             volunteer

Alice D. Ford, 82, who volunteered at mental health facilities in the Washington
area, died June 4 at the Grand Oaks assisted living facility in the District.
She had Alzheimer's disease.

Mrs. Ford volunteered at St. Elizabeths Hospital in the District and at a
facility in Sykesville, Md. She and her husband co-founded a self-titled
nonprofit group that supports mental health initiatives.

Alice Kathryn Donohoe, a fourth-generation Washingtonian, was a 1945 graduate of
Georgetown Visitation Preparatory School and a 1949 English graduate of Catholic
University.

Survivors include her husband of 59 years, Eugene F. Ford of Bethesda; four
children, Eugene F. Ford Jr. of Potomac, Michael Ford of Bethesda, Mary
Catherine Ford Lewis of Berkeley, Calif., and Alice Ford of Olney; and six
grandchildren.

- T. Rees Shapiro

Frank M. Hetrick             U-Md. professor

Frank M. Hetrick, 78, a retired professor of microbiology at the University of
Maryland, died June 5 at the University of Maryland Medical Center in Baltimore.
He had complications from pulmonary hypertension.

Dr. Hetrick came to the university as a graduate student in 1958 and became a
full professor in 1968. His specialty was the study of diseases in fish, with an
emphasis on the effects of pollutants and pathogens on striped bass and other
species in the Chesapeake Bay.

Dr. Hetrick published more than 100 research papers, was internationally
recognized in his field and was a member of the American Society for
Microbiology, the American Association for the Advancement of Science and other
professional organizations.

He was acting chairman of U-Md.'s microbiology department in 1969-1970 and
1975-1976 and was named a distinguished scholar at the university in 1987. He
retired in the early 1990s.

Frank Marvin Hetrick was born in York, Pa., and was a 1954 graduate of Michigan
State University. He served in the Army in the mid-1950s and was in the Army
Reserve for several years.

He received master's and doctoral degrees in microbiology from the University of
Maryland in 1960 and 1962, respectively.

He lived in New Carrollton and Glenn Dale before moving to Annapolis in 2005. He
was a member of Good Samaritan Lutheran Church in Lanham and volunteered with
Habitat for Humanity.

Survivors include his wife of 56 years, Norma Holtzapple Hetrick of Annapolis;
five children, F. Michael Hetrick of Bowie, J. Jeffrey Hetrick of Moose Pass,
Alaska, Jo Ellen Nash of Naples, Fla., Cheryl Gormus of Hanover and Kathryn
Eberwein of The Woodlands, Tex.; 16 grandchildren; and two great-grandchildren.

- Matt Schudel

Susan D. Neumann             nonprofit consultant

Susan D. Neumann, a consultant who developed online advocacy, communication and
fundraising strategies for national nonprofit organizations, died June 24 at
Inova Alexandria Hospital of complications from surgery. She was 39.

Mrs. Neumann had worked with nonprofits such as Volunteers of America and the
American Nurses Association for the past year as a consultant with Charity
Dynamics Inc.

Previously, she worked for 13 years in Washington for the National Trust for
Historic Preservation. As director of member engagement there for six years, she
spearheaded an outreach campaign to encourage citizens to share stories about
places important to them.

Susan Diane Miller was born in Chambersburg, Pa. She graduated from George
Washington University in 1994 with a bachelor's degree in political science and
a minor concentration in military history. In 2005, she received a master's
degree in public administration from George Mason University.

Mrs. Neumann began her nonprofit career working for the International Military
Community Executives Association and the Association of the U.S. Army, where she
helped establish the office for the Army Historical Foundation.

She was a member of Blessed Sacrament Catholic Church in Alexandria.

Survivors include her husband of 14 years, Michael J. Neumann of Alexandria; her
parents, R. Andrew Miller and Audrey M. Miller of Mercersburg, Pa.; her
grandmother, Mildred Hoffman of Greencastle, Pa.; and her brother.

- Emma Brown

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             251 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 10, 2011 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C07

LENGTH: 681 words

Alice D. Ford

volunteer

Alice D. Ford, 82, who volunteered at mental health facilities in the Washington
area, died June 4 at the Grand Oaks assisted living facility in the District.
She had Alzheimer's disease.

Mrs. Ford volunteered at St. Elizabeths Hospital in the District and at a
facility in Sykesville, Md. She and her husband co-founded a self-titled
nonprofit group that supports mental health initiatives.

Alice Kathryn Donohoe, a fourth-generation Washingtonian, was a 1945 graduate of
Georgetown Visitation Preparatory School and a 1949 English graduate of Catholic
University.

Survivors include her husband of 59 years, Eugene F. Ford of Bethesda; four
children, Eugene F. Ford Jr. of Potomac, Michael Ford of Bethesda, Mary
Catherine Ford Lewis of Berkeley, Calif., and Alice Ford of Olney; and six
grandchildren.

- T. Rees Shapiro

Frank M. Hetrick

U-Md. professor

Frank M. Hetrick, 78, a retired professor of microbiology at the University of
Maryland, died June 5 at the University of Maryland Medical Center in Baltimore.
He had complications from pulmonary hypertension.

Dr. Hetrick came to the university as a graduate student in 1958 and became a
full professor in 1968. His specialty was the study of diseases in fish, with an
emphasis on the effects of pollutants and pathogens on striped bass and other
species in the Chesapeake Bay.

Dr. Hetrick published more than 100 research papers, was internationally
recognized in his field and was a member of the American Society for
Microbiology, the American Association for the Advancement of Science and other
professional organizations.

He was acting chairman of U-Md.'s microbiology department in 1969-1970 and
1975-1976 and was named a distinguished scholar at the university in 1987. He
retired in the early 1990s.

Frank Marvin Hetrick was born in York, Pa., and was a 1954 graduate of Michigan
State University. He served in the Army in the mid-1950s and was in the Army
Reserve for several years.

He received master's and doctoral degrees in microbiology from the University of
Maryland in 1960 and 1962, respectively.

He lived in New Carrollton and Glenn Dale before moving to Annapolis in 2005. He
was a member of Good Samaritan Lutheran Church in Lanham and volunteered with
Habitat for Humanity.

Survivors include his wife of 56 years, Norma Holtzapple Hetrick of Annapolis;
five children, F. Michael Hetrick of Bowie, J. Jeffrey Hetrick of Moose Pass,
Alaska, Jo Ellen Nash of Naples, Fla., Cheryl Gormus of Hanover and Kathryn
Eberwein of The Woodlands, Tex.; 16 grandchildren; and two great-grandchildren.

- Matt Schudel

Susan D. Neumann

nonprofit consultant

Susan D. Neumann, a consultant who developed online advocacy, communication and
fundraising strategies for national nonprofit organizations, died June 24 at
Inova Alexandria Hospital of complications from surgery. She was 39.

Mrs. Neumann had worked with nonprofits such as Volunteers of America and the
American Nurses Association for the past year as a consultant with Charity
Dynamics Inc.

Previously, she worked for 13 years in Washington for the National Trust for
Historic Preservation. As director of member engagement there for six years, she
spearheaded an outreach campaign to encourage citizens to share stories about
places important to them.

Susan Diane Miller was born in Chambersburg, Pa. She graduated from George
Washington University in 1994 with a bachelor's degree in political science and
a minor concentration in military history. In 2005, she received a master's
degree in public administration from George Mason University.

Mrs. Neumann began her nonprofit career working for the International Military
Community Executives Association and the Association of the U.S. Army, where she
helped establish the office for the Army Historical Foundation.

She was a member of Blessed Sacrament Catholic Church in Alexandria.

Survivors include her husband of 14 years, Michael J. Neumann of Alexandria; her
parents, R. Andrew Miller and Audrey M. Miller of Mercersburg, Pa.; her
grandmother, Mildred Hoffman of Greencastle, Pa.; and her brother.

- Emma Brown

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             252 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 2, 2011 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

Auto sales up in June as gas prices dip; GM, Ford big winners

BYLINE: Dee-Ann Durbin;Tom Krisher

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 394 words


DETROIT - Gas prices hit a sweet spot for automakers last month. They fell far
enough to spur pickup truck sales, yet remained so high that small cars sold
well, sometimes just hours after reaching dealers' lots.

That made June a good month for General Motors and Ford, which have
traditionally relied on truck sales and now have strong line-ups of smaller,
fuel-efficient models, as well.

Toyota and Honda couldn't take advantage, however. Their sales plummeted more
than 20 percent each as they ran short of cars because of  ongoing problems from
the March earthquake in Japan.

Those declines - and the continuing weakness in the U.S. economy - meant sales
grew more slowly in June than they might have. U.S. sales rose 7 percent to 1.05
million. Analysts had expected a double-digit gain.

"Some consumers have decided to sit on their hands and delay their purchases,"
said GM's Don Johnson.

GM and Ford Motor both said their sales rose 10 percent. The Chevrolet Cruze
small car vaulted past perennial bestsellers like the Toyota Camry and the Honda
Civic to become the top-selling car in the United States. Chrysler Group's sales
increased 30 percent thanks to such new products as the Jeep Grand Cherokee and
Chrysler 200 sedan.

The drop in gas prices lured more buyers for pickup trucks. Chrysler reported a
35 percent increase in Ram truck sales, while Chevrolet Silverado sales rose 5
percent. Any jump in pickup sales helps Detroit automakers, which sell more than
five times as many pickups as foreign-based brands. But even Nissan benefited.
Sales of its Frontier small pickup rose 51 percent.

Ford said pickup buyers are among those watching gas prices. More than half of
F-150 buyers chose smaller V-6 engines over V-8s. It was the first time smaller
engines outsold larger ones since the 1980s.

Small cars remained hot sellers. Sales of the Cruze more than doubled those of
the car it replaced, the Chevrolet Cobalt, while sales of the Ford Fiesta
subcompact were up 438 percent from June 2010.

But automakers could have sold more small cars without the supply disruptions in
Japan. Sales of the Toyota Prius hybrid fell 61 percent to 4,340, the lowest
level in seven years, according to TrueCar.com, while Honda Civic sales were
down 35 percent. U.S. automakers sold as many small cars as they could make, but
they  couldn't meet the demand.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             253 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        June 5, 2011 Sunday 8:11 PM EST

Stocks extend slide on weak jobs data

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: ; Pg. G08

LENGTH: 276 words


U.S. stocks fell last week, sending the Dow Jones industrial average to its
longest streak of losses since 2004, after worse-than-estimated reports on jobs
and manufacturing fueled concerns that earnings growth will slow.

All 10 Standard & Poor's 500-stock index groups dropped, with declines exceeding
1.2 percent. Newell Rubbermaid sank 15 percent, leading declines in the S&P 500,
after cutting its profit forecast. J.C. Penney and Stanley Black & Decker
slumped more than 6 percent as investors sold companies tied to economic growth.
General Motors and Ford Motor decreased at least 4 percent after sales growth
missed projections.

The S&P 500 lost 2.3 percent to 1,300.16, the biggest weekly decline since
August. Its five-week losing streak is the longest since 2008. The Dow Jones
industrial average fell 290.32 points, or 2.3 percent, to 12,151.26.

"It was a C-minus week for the economy," said David Sowerby of Loomis Sayles,
which oversees more than $150 billion. "These are the kind of weeks that remind
investors stocks don't just go straight up. There was enough data this week to
begin to connect the dots that uncertainty remains."

The S&P 500 has retreated 4.7 percent since closing at an almost-three-year high
of 1,363.61 on April 29.

The Treasury will sell $27 billion in three-month bills and $24 billion in
six-month bills on Monday. They yielded 0.040 percent and 0.105 percent,
respectively, in when-issued trading. The United States will also sell $32
billion in three-year notes, $21 billion in 10-year notes and $13 billion in
30-year notes. They yielded 0.78 percent, 3.01 percent and 4.24 percent.

- Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             254 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 5, 2011 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Stocks extend slide on weak jobs data

BYLINE: - Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G08

LENGTH: 272 words


U.S. stocks fell last week, sending the Dow Jones industrial average to its
longest streak of losses since 2004, after worse-than-estimated reports on jobs
and manufacturing fueled concerns that earnings growth will slow.

All 10 Standard & Poor's 500-stock index groups dropped, with declines exceeding
1.2 percent. Newell Rubbermaid sank 15 percent, leading declines in the S&P 500,
after cutting its profit forecast. J.C. Penney and Stanley Black & Decker
slumped more than 6 percent as investors sold companies tied to economic growth.
General Motors and Ford Motor decreased at least 4 percent after sales growth
missed projections.

The S&P 500 lost 2.3 percent to 1,300.16, the biggest weekly decline since
August. Its five-week losing streak is the longest since 2008. The Dow Jones
industrial average fell 290.32 points, or 2.3 percent, to 12,151.26.

"It was a C-minus week for the economy," said David Sowerby of Loomis Sayles,
which oversees more than $150 billion. "These are the kind of weeks that remind
investors stocks don't just go straight up. There was enough data this week to
begin to connect the dots that uncertainty remains."

The S&P 500 has retreated 4.7 percent since closing at an almost-three-year high
of 1,363.61 on April 29.

The Treasury will sell $27 billion in three-month bills and $24 billion in
six-month bills on Monday. They yielded 0.040 percent and 0.105 percent,
respectively, in when-issued trading. The United States will also sell $32
billion in three-year notes, $21 billion in 10-year notes and $13 billion in
30-year notes. They yielded 0.78 percent, 3.01 percent and 4.24 percent.

- Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             255 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 12, 2011 Thursday
                              Correction Appended
                                Suburban Edition

BYLINE: - Matt Schudel;- Emma Brown;- Timothy R. Smith;- Lauren Wiseman;- Megan
Buerger

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B08

LENGTH: 2298 words

Malvin Schechter

journalist, geriatrics expert

Malvin Schechter, 80, a onetime journalist who examined problems in hospitals
and nursing homes and who was a leading authority on geriatrics and aging, died
May 3 of pneumonia at a Veterans Affairs hospice in Baltimore.

Mr. Schechter came to Washington in 1960 as editor of a magazine on geriatrics
and, with his wife, later published newsletters on aging.

In the 1960s, Mr. Schechter exposed safety deficiencies in hospitals and nursing
homes and later successfully sued the Department of Health, Education and
Welfare to obtain inspection records of nursing homes. He also reported on
hospitals' compliance with integration rules after the 1964 Civil Rights Act and
on how blood banks often kept blood from black and white donors separate.

In 1976, Mr. Schechter became a top deputy of Robert Butler, the first director
of the National Institute on Aging at the National Institutes of Health.

In about 1980, Mr. Schechter went to New York when Butler established a
geriatrics department at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine. Mr. Schechter
taught medical economics at the medical school for many years.

He also served as associate director of the International Longevity Center in
New York until his retirement in 1997.

Malvin Schechter was born in Brooklyn, N.Y., and served in the Army during the
Korean War. He was a graduate of Columbia University and received a master's
degree in journalism from Columbia in 1954.

He worked with wire services in Paris and Charlotte before moving to Washington.

Mr. Schechter was the author or co-author of several books on issues related to
aging, including "Beyond Medicare: Achieving Long-Term Security" (1993).

He lived in New York until settling in Baltimore two years ago.

Survivors include his wife of 53 years, Irma Cohen Schechter of Baltimore; three
children, Joy Schechter of Los Angeles, Daniel Schechter of Baltimore and
Lawrence Schechter of Stafford; and seven grandchildren.

- Matt Schudel

Robert S. Capps

Air Force colonel

Robert S. Capps, a retired Air Force colonel and decorated World War II pilot,
died March 22 of complications from prostate cancer at DeWitt Army Community
Hospital at Fort Belvoir. He was 88 and had been a resident of Alexandria for
more than four decades.

Col. Capps joined the Army Air Forces during World War II and flew 51 combat
missions over Europe. After his combat tour, he returned to the United States to
ferry aircraft from a Ford Motor Co. factory in Detroit to other parts of the
world, including India, China and New Guinea. He later flew aircraft in the
Strategic Air Command for 11 years.

His decorations included the Legion of Merit, five awards of the Air Medal and
two awards of the Air Force Commendation Medal.

After 30 years of service, Col. Capps retired from the Air Force as a command
pilot in 1972 and received a doctorate in business administration from George
Washington University. He taught at George Mason University before retiring in
1988.

Robert Samuel Capps was born in Stockton, Calif., and raised in a suburb of San
Francisco.

He received an engineering degree from the University of California at Berkeley
and a master's degree in business administration from the University of Southern
California.

In retirement, Col. Capps wrote two self-published books: "Flying Colt," about
his World War II experiences, and "Hannibal's Lieutenant," about the life of the
Carthaginian military commander.

Col. Capps was a past president of the 456th Bomb Group Association, a group of
survivors from his World War II unit. His other memberships included the Air
Force Association, Retired Military Officers Association, Veterans of Foreign
Wars and American Legion.

Survivors include his wife of 49 years, Eve Chapen Capps of Alexandria; three
children, Wendy Winton of Milpitas, Calif., Robert R. Capps of New York and
Dennis D. Capps of Oak Park, Calif.; five grandchildren; and one
great-granddaughter.

- Emma Brown

Phyllis P. Peterson

Springfield Mall employee

Phyllis P. Peterson, 83, who worked at the information desk at Springfield Mall
from the mid-1970s to the mid-1980s, died April 9 of congestive heart failure at
Suburban Hospital in Bethesda.

She had been a Fairfax County resident for 55 years.

Phyllis Jean Patton was born in Lewisburg, W.Va., and attended Davis & Elkins
College in Elkins, W.Va.

A son, Arnold S. Peterson, died in 1956.

Survivors include her husband of 62 years, James A. Peterson of Springfield; two
sons, Jay Peterson of Winchester, Va., and Alan Peterson of Annandale; and three
granddaughters.

- Timothy R. Smith

Arthur G. Ashbrook Jr.

CIA economist

Arthur G. Ashbrook Jr., 90, an analyst with the Central Intelligence Agency's
Directorate of Intelligence from 1954 to 1982 who specialized in research into
the Chinese and Soviet economies, died April 6 at his home in Washington of
complications from a fall.

During his retirement, he wrote economic briefs for "The World Factbook," an
annual CIA publication.

Arthur Garwood Ashbrook Jr. was a Pittsburgh native and an Army veteran of World
War II.

He was a 1941 economics graduate of Haverford College in Pennsylvania, where he
was elected to the Phi Beta Kappa honor society. He received a doctorate in
economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1947.

Survivors include his wife of 47 years, Cecilia Garcia Ashbrook of Washington;
two daughters, Yolie W. Diego of Santa Cruz, Calif., and Alexandra Ashbrook of
Washington; one brother; and three grandsons.

- Lauren Wiseman

Guy E. Coriden

federal employee

Guy E. Coriden, 89, an associate director of management operations for the State
Department from 1979 until he retired in 1985, died April 25 at Brighton Gardens
at Friendship Heights, an assisted living facility in Chevy Chase. He had
complications from a stroke.

Mr. Coriden joined the State Department in 1962 as a director of European
exchange programs and helped arrange educational and cultural exchanges between
the United States and other countries. From 1951 until 1962, he worked for the
CIA.

Guy Edward Coriden, a native of Syracuse, N.Y., was a 1943 graduate of Indiana
University at Bloomington. He received a master's degree in international
economics from Marquette University in Milwaukee in 1950 and a master's degree
in international relations from Tufts University in Medford, Mass., in 1951.

He served in the Army during World War II, and his decorations included the
Bronze Star Medal.

He volunteered with Big Brothers Big Sisters of the National Capital Area and
the small-claims mediation program of the D.C. Superior Court. He served on the
board of directors of the D.C. League of Women Voters.

He was a founding member of Lakewood Country Club in Rockville and a member of
St. Thomas Apostle Catholic Church in the District, where he had been a resident
since 1951.

His wife of 42 years, Mary Winbigler Coriden, died in 1998. Survivors include
two brothers, John B. Coriden of Hammond, Ind., and James A. Coriden of
Washington.

- Lauren Wiseman

Grace Walker

Pan Am employee

Grace Walker, 90, who worked for Pan American World Airways and volunteered in
former first lady Hillary Clinton's social office in the 1990s, died April 29 at
Grand Oaks Assisted Living in Washington. She had cancer.

Mrs. Walker, who had been a flight attendant for Pan Am in the early 1950s,
worked for the sales and marketing departments of the airline's federal affairs
office in Washington from 1970 to 1992.

In the 1960s, Mrs. Walker was an events coordinator for the Business Council for
International Understanding, a former American University program that helped
companies with overseas transfers.

She was a member of World Wings International, a fundraising organization for
former Pan Am flight attendants.

Grace Velma Burtt was a native of Ferndale, Mich., and attended Hillsdale
College in Hillsdale, Mich. In the late 1940s, she served as a civilian
secretary with the Army in Japan.

She lived in Colorado and  New York before returning to Washington in 2009.

Her husband of 57 years, Robert H. Walker Jr., died in 2010. Survivors include
three children, Amy Barrs of Atlanta, Matthew Walker of New York City and Rachel
Luersen of the District; and two grandchildren.

- Megan Buerger

Jose A. Ferrario

dental technician

Jose A. Ferrario, 82, who worked as a dental technician in Kensington for more
than 30 years and retired in 1990, died April 25 at the Washington Hospital
Center of complications after heart surgery.

Dr. Ferrario moved to the Washington area from Buenos Aires in 1966 and
eventually settled in Kensington. He moved to Rockville in 1986.

Jose Alberto Ferrario was a native of Buenos Aires and received a degree in
dentistry from the University of Buenos Aires.

Survivors include his wife of 55 years, Beatriz Sarache Ferrario of Rockville;
three children, Beatriz Deutsch of Reston, Gus Ferrario of Ijamsville and
Claudio Ferrario of Riverdale Park; eight grandchildren; and three
great-grandchildren.

- Megan Buerger

Dario C. Ferreira

legal information analyst

Dario C. Ferreira, 72, a senior legal information analyst at the Library of
Congress, died April 13 at Shady Grove Adventist Hospital in Rockville of
complications from diabetes. He was a Gaithersburg resident.

Dr. Ferreira started his career at the law library of the Library of Congress in
1975 as a legal research assistant. He specialized in canon law and Roman law.
With a working knowledge of seven languages, Dr. Ferreira helped create the
Index to Latin American Legislation, a forerunner of what is now known as the
Global Legal Information Network, a digital repository of multinational laws.

Dario Cesar Ferreira, a native of San Pedro, Paraguay, studied at a Catholic
seminary in Buenos Aires in his youth. He received a bachelor's degree in
philosophy and theology in the late 1950s at the Pontifical Gregorian University
in Rome, from which he later received master's degrees in psychology, education
and philosophy. He received a doctorate in theology and ethics in 1969 from
Catholic University.

Dr. Ferreira was ordained a Catholic priest in Paraguay and served in several
parishes in his native country before coming to the United States and serving in
parishes in Boston and New York. He left the priesthood in 1970.

After stints as a professor in Paraguay and Puerto Rico, he moved to the
Washington area in the early 1970s and worked for several years with the
Inter-American Development Bank.

Survivors include his wife of 36 years, Tita Suarez Ferreira of Gaithersburg; a
daughter, Michelle Brewer of Mountain Home, Idaho; three brothers; a sister; and
two grandchildren.

- Lauren Wiseman

Edward T. Marley

aeronautical engineer

Edward T. Marley, 90, who for 39 years was an aeronautical engineer with the
Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory, died April 16 of
respiratory failure at his home in Lewes, Del.

At the physics laboratory, Mr. Marley worked on the development of the Patriot
anti-ballistic missile. He retired in 1991.

Edward Thomas Marley was a native of Newark, N.J. He was a 1949 engineering
graduate of the University of Notre Dame. He received a master's degree in
aeronautical engineering from the University of Virginia in 1951.

He was an Army Air Forces veteran of World War II.

Mr. Marley was a member of St. Peter's Catholic Church in Olney.

Survivors include his wife of 56 years, Lois Smith Marley of Lewes; five
children, Patricia Cunningham of Washington, Gwenn Marley of Bethesda, Rosena
Marley-Schneier of Wayland, Mass., Adele Marley-Brown of Catonsville, Md., and
Edward G. Marley of Los Angeles; two sisters; and six grandchildren.

- Timothy R. Smith

Jean C. Netherton

NOVA professor

Jean C. Netherton, 79, who retired in 1992 as a physical education professor at
Northern Virginia Community College, died April 29 at her home in Great Falls.
She had cancer.

Dr. Netherton moved to the Washington area from East Lansing, Mich., in 1967 and
soon joined NOVA as an associate professor. She was one of the first women to
serve as dean and provost in the state's community college system.

In the early 1960s, Dr. Netherton taught physical education at Michigan State
University in East Lansing. There, she became one of the first professors to
incorporate instructional television into her courses.

Jean Carol McIntyre was a Chicago native and a 1953 graduate of the University
of Arkansas. She received a master's degree in physical education from the
University of Illinois in 1955 and a doctorate in physical education,
communication and instructional technology from Michigan State in 1966.

Her husband of 43 years, Clifford L. Netherton, died in 2010. She had no
immediate survivors.

- Megan Buerger

Wade H. Pugh III

math professor

Wade H. Pugh III, 58, who had been a math professor at Montgomery College in
Rockville since 1998, died April 27 at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore of
complications from septic shock.

Mr. Pugh moved to Silver Spring from Tampa in the mid-1980s to start a tutoring
business called A+ Tutoring, which he closed a few years later. He also taught
math at the District's Mount Vernon College, which later merged with George
Washington University.

While teaching at Montgomery College, he operated a tutoring business out of his
home called Probastat that specialized in probability and statistics.

Wade Hampton Pugh III was a native of Coatesville, Pa. In 1973, he earned an
associate's degree from what is now Potomac State College of West Virginia
University. He received a bachelor's degree in 1975 from Shepherd University in
West Virginia and a master's degree in economics from West Virginia University
in 1978.

Mr. Pugh was a member of Christ Lutheran Church of the Deaf in Silver Spring.

Survivors include his wife of 12 years, Lisa Wellander Pugh of Silver Spring;
and a sister.

- Megan Buerger

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

CORRECTION-DATE: May 14, 2011 Saturday



CORRECTION: The May 12 obituary for Jean C. Netherton incorrectly reported that
she retired from Northern Virginia Community College as a physical education
professor. She retired as provost emeritus of the college's Alexandria campus.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             256 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 12, 2011 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

Fairfax County crime report

SECTION: METRO; Pg. T26

LENGTH: 2346 words

Fairfax County

The following incidents were recently reported by the Fairfax County Police
Department. For more information, call 703-246-2253.

FAIR OAKS DISTRICT

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Dudley Ct., 10700 block. A laptop computer was stolen from a residence.

Fair Oaks Shopping Center, 11800 block. Cash was stolen from a business.

Little Current Dr., 2400 block. A golf cart was stolen from a business.

Majestic Lane, 4000 block. Beer was stolen from a business.

Quiet Woods Lane, 4700 block. A purse was stolen from a residence.

Summit Corner Dr., 4200 block. Wheels were stolen from a vehicle.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Carrico Dr., 4400 block. A 2006 Ford E-250 was stolen.

FRANCONIA DISTRICT

ROBBERIES

Dutchman Dr. and Richmond Hwy., 6:30 p.m. May 4. Two males robbed a 20-year-old
man of a cellphone and a wallet.

Hagel Cir., 9800 block, 9:50 p.m. May 4. Three men, one with a bat, robbed a
58-year-old pizza deliveryman of cash and pizza.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Apple Tree Dr., 4700 block. An air compressor was stolen from a vehicle.

Bismach Dr., 5600 block. A purse was stolen from a residence.

Brandon Ave., 6400 block. A gun and a Global Positioning System device were
stolen from a vehicle.

Callcott Way, 5700 block. A Global Positioning System device was stolen from a
vehicle.

Chicory Pl., 6000 block. Tires were stolen from a vehicle.

Commerce St., 7200 block. Food and beverage items were stolen from a business.

Dogue Indian Cir., 7800 block. A cellphone and a wallet were stolen from a
business.

Electronic Dr., 6600 block. An air conditioner was stolen from a business.

Franconia Rd., 6100 block. A gun was stolen from a vehicle.

Hagel Cir., 9800 block. An iPod was stolen from a residence.

Lamar Dr., 7200 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

Springfield Plaza, 6300 block. Shorts were stolen from a business.

Terminal Rd., 8400 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

Wilma Lane, 7400 block. A purse was stolen from a business.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Elmwood Dr., 3600 block. A 2000 Honda Civic was stolen.

Rockshire St., 6400 block. A 2008 Ford Focus was stolen.

MASON DISTRICT

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Annandale Rd., 4200 block. Cigarettes were stolen from a business.

Arlington Blvd., 6100 block. A wallet was stolen from a business.

Columbia Pike, 6800 block, 3:40 to 4 a.m. April 29. Electronic items were stolen
from a religious institution entered by forcing open a window.

Leesburg Ct., 3500 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

Leesburg Pike, 5800 block. A credit card was stolen from a business.

Lincoln Ave., 5100 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

South Jefferson St., 3500 block. Gold was stolen from a residence.

South Jefferson St., 3500 block. Liquor was stolen from a business.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Arlington Blvd., 6100 block. A 2005 Ford was stolen.

MCLEAN DISTRICT

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Broadway Dr., 7500 block. A passport was stolen from a residence.

Chain Bridge Rd., 1900 block. A cellphone was stolen from a business.

Dover Lane, 2900 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

Georgetown Pike, 6300 block. A credit card was stolen from a vehicle.

Georgetown Pike, 7000 block. A purse was stolen from a church.

Georgetown Pike, 8800 block. A purse was stolen from a vehicle.

Hamaker Ct., 3000 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

Kings Chapel Rd., 2900 block. A scooter was stolen from a residence.

Leesburg Pike, 8000 block. A watch was stolen from a business.

Leesburg Pike, 8100 block. Cellphones were stolen from a business.

Lewinsville Rd., 7900 block. A stereo, a Global Positioning System device and
other property were stolen from a vehicle.

Old Dominion Dr., 6200 block. A ring, a necklace and a bracelet were stolen from
a business.

Towne Lane Rd., 6700 block. A purse was stolen from a vehicle.

MOUNT VERNON DISTRICT

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Audubon Ave., 7900 block. License plates were stolen from a vehicle.

Franklin St., 3000 block, 12:30 to 3:30 p.m. May 2. A laptop computer was stolen
from a residence entered by forcing open a door.

Groveton St., 3100 block. Furniture was stolen from a residence.

Janna Lee Ave., 7900 block. A video game system was stolen from a residence.

Mount Vernon Sq., 7400 block. Groceries were stolen from a business.

Quander Rd., 6500 block. A purse was stolen from a school.

Richmond Hwy., 6300 block. DVDs were stolen from a business.

Richmond Hwy., 6600 block. Merchandise was stolen from a business.

Richmond Hwy., 6800 block, 5 p.m. April 27 to noon April 28. Power tools were
stolen from a trailer at a construction site. The trailer was entered by forcing
open a window.

Richmond Hwy., 7900 block. A doll and merchandise were stolen from a business.

Richmond Hwy., 7900 block. License plates were stolen from a vehicle.

Richmond Hwy., 7900 block. Sunglasses were stolen from a business.

Richmond Hwy., 8600 block. Liquor was stolen from a business.

Stirrup Lane, 2600 block. A bicycle was stolen from a residence.

RESTON DISTRICT

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Chancery Station Cir., 12000 block. A Global Positioning System device, an iPod,
sunglasses and cash were stolen from a vehicle.

Royal Fern Ct., 2000 block, 5:50 a.m. May 1. A woman awoke and found a man lying
in bed next to her. She screamed, and the man fled. The man had entered the
residence through an unlocked door.

Springer Dr., 13200 block. A cellphone was stolen from a park.

Stalwart Ct., 12300 block. A purse was stolen from a vehicle.

Winterthur Lane, 11900 block. A leaf blower was stolen from a business.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Freedom Dr., 11900 block. A 2007 Volvo was stolen.

Northgate Sq., 1500 block. A 2011 Honda Civic was stolen.

Stone Wheel Dr., 2200 block. A 2006 Toyota Corolla was stolen.

SULLY DISTRICT

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Brookmere Dr., 14300 block. A gun was stolen from a vehicle.

Conference Center Dr., 15000 block. An iPhone was stolen from a business.

Maidstone Ct., 14800 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

Prince Way, 6200 block, 5 a.m. to 6 p.m. April 28. A video game system, video
games, books and other items were stolen from a residence.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Purple Dusk Ct., 13400 block. A Honda Odyssey was stolen.

WEST SPRINGFIELD DISTRICT

ROBBERIES

Elizabeth Lane, 4100 block, 10:40 p.m. May 4. Two men robbed a 19-year-old man
of his wallet.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Alban Rd., 8400 block. License plates were stolen from a vehicle.

Americana Dr., 4900 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

Collin Chase Pl., 4900 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

Crestmont Cir., 8200 block. Equipment was stolen from a vehicle.

Fox Grape Lane, 9000 block. A cellphone was stolen from a business.

Newington Woods Dr., 7800 block. A safe was stolen from a residence.

Rolling Rd., 6100 block. A cellphone was stolen from a school.

Rolling Rd., 6200 block. Food and beverage items were stolen from a business.

Schoolhouse Woods Ct., 10100 block. A purse was stolen from a vehicle.

Silverdale Rd. and Kenosha Ct. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

Sutter Lane, 7800 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

Wood Poppy Ct., 5800 block. Cash was stolen from a residence.

Zanuck Ct., 7400 block. An iPhone was stolen from a residence.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Bent Arrow Ct., 8600 block. A 2003 Honda Accord was stolen.

Bradfield Dr., 5200 block. A 2010 Honda Civic was stolen.

Skyles Way, 7000 block. A 2008 Dodge Charger was stolen.

VANDALISM

Little River Tpk., 7500 block, 4:15 to 7:18 p.m. May 4. Graffiti were
spray-painted inside an apartment building.

 Fairfax City

The following incidents were recently reported by the Fairfax City Police
Department. For more information, call 703-385-7809.

ASSAULTS

Main St., 10500 block, 2:36 a.m. April 29. Police responded to a report of a man
walking in the middle of the street. The man kicked an officer in the chest and
attempted to damage a police cruiser. An 18-year-old Leesburg man was charged
with assaulting an officer and public drunkenness.

Willard Way, 10300 block, 10:07 p.m. April 28. Police, responding to a report of
a fight in a parking lot of a restaurant, learned that a male had assaulted a
21-year-old restaurant employee, then fled in a vehicle. A 24-year-old
Alexandria man was charged with malicious wounding and public drunkenness. A
24-year-old Lorton man was charged with public drunkenness. The employee was
treated at a medical facility.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Chain Bridge Rd., 3900 block, 3:15 to 3:53 p.m. April 30. A cellphone was stolen
from an office building.

Jermantown Rd., 4000 block, 6:05 p.m. April 30. A store security officer saw a
male place a pair of sunglasses in his pocket and attempt to leave the store. A
42-year-old man of no fixed address was charged with concealment.

Jermantown Rd., 4000 block, 9:11 a.m. April 29. A store security officer saw a
male conceal merchandise and leave the business. An 18-year-old man of no fixed
address was charged with petty larceny.

Main St., 10400 block, 1:45 to 2:04 a.m. May 1. A purse containing cash, credit
cards, keys, a digital camera and two cellphones was stolen from a table in a
sports lounge.

North St., 10300 block, 2:34 p.m. April 23. A laptop computer was stolen from a
library.

Old Lee Hwy., 3700 block, 8:30 to 9:38 a.m. April 27. A license plate was stolen
from a vehicle.

Old Lee Hwy., 3800 block, 1:30 to 4:30 p.m. April 29. A laptop computer was
stolen from a counter in a tattoo parlor.

Willard Way, 10300 block, 11:10 a.m. April 23. A male stole a rotisserie chicken
from a grocery store, then fled on foot. A 41-year-old man of no fixed address
was charged with petty larceny.

VANDALISM

Gainsborough Ct., 11100 block, 3 to 7:30 a.m. May 1. The trunk of a vehicle was
dented.

Main St., 10400 block, 11:30 p.m. April 30 to 2:02 a.m. May 1. A window of a
vehicle was broken, and the doors and a bumper were scratched.

Spring Lake Ct., 3300 block, 7:57 p.m. May 2. The side of a house was struck by
a BB or a pellet.

Willard Way, 10300 block, 7 p.m. April 26 to 9:27 a.m. April 27. Graffiti were
spray-painted on a rear door of a business.

 Falls Church

The following incidents were recently reported by the Falls Church Police
Department. For more information, call 703-248-5056.

ASSAULTS

Broad St. E., 100 block, 11:59 p.m. April 29. The driver of a vehicle that had
crashed into a barrier punched the investigating police officer in the face. A
48-year-old Richmond man was charged with assaulting a police officer, driving
under the influence of alcohol and refusal to submit to a breath or blood test.


THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Annandale Rd. W., 100 block, April 24 to April 27. A radio/CD player was stolen
from an unlocked vehicle.

Great Falls St., 100 block, 8:57 a.m. April 27. A radio/CD player was stolen
from a vehicle.

Hillwood Ave., 100 block, 8:41 p.m. April 26. Gas was stolen from a service
station.

Washington St. S., 400 block, 5:46 p.m. April 26. A wallet containing cash and
credit cards was stolen. A 25-year-old Florida woman was charged with credit
card theft.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Broad St. E., 100 block, 1 to 3 p.m. April 28. A four-wheel trailer was stolen
from a parking lot.

Washington St. S., 400 block, 10:34 a.m. April 29. A motorized scooter was
stolen from a service area of a business.

VANDALISM

Maple Ave. N., 200 block, 8:25 a.m. April 27. A window of a vehicle was pried
from the door frame. The interior was ransacked. Nothing was reported missing.

Timber Lane, 300 block, 12:30 to 1:30 p.m. May 1. Graffiti were spray-painted on
a vehicle.

Timber Lane, 700 block, 12:34 p.m. May 1. Graffiti were spray-painted on a
vehicle.

Herndon

The following incidents were recently reported by the Herndon Police Department.
For more information, call 703-435-6846.

ASSAULTS

Calhoun Ct., 600 block, 11:56 p.m. April 24. A 41-year-old Herndon man was
charged with assault and resisting arrest. A 20-year-old Herndon man was charged
with assault of a police officer and obstruction of justice.

Kings Ct., 1000 block, 11:33 a.m. April 28. A person assaulted an acquaintance.


ROBBERIES

Elden St., 1100 block, 1:43 a.m. May 1. A person accosted a male and took his
wallet.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Carlisle Dr., 400 block, 2:30 to 3:30 p.m. April 30. Cash and credit cards were
stolen.

Dranesville Rd., 500 block, 4 p.m. April 12 to 2:30 p.m. April 26. A CD player
was stolen from a vehicle.

Dranesville Rd., 500 block, 8 p.m. April 21 to 8 p.m. April 23. Cash was stolen
from an unlocked vehicle.

Elden St., 400 block, 1:36 p.m. April 30. A 37-year-old Herndon woman was
charged with shoplifting.

Elden St., 400 block, 1:36 p.m. May 1. A 46-year-old Herndon woman was charged
with shoplifting.

Elden St., 400 block, 8:40 p.m. April 29. A 22-year-old Herndon woman was
charged with shoplifting.

Elden St., 1000 block, 11:59 p.m. April 27. A person stole a cellphone from an
acquaintance.

Herndon Woods Ct., 500 block, 7 to 7:15 p.m. April 24. A purse was stolen from a
locked vehicle.

Jenny Ann Ct., 700 block, 12:01 a.m. April 27. A bicycle was stolen from a
garage.

Jenny Ann Ct., 700 block, 7:19 p.m. April 25. A bicycle was stolen.

VANDALISM

Locust St., 900 block, 10:09 May 1. A rock wall was damaged.

Longfellow Ct., 900 block, 8 p.m. April 30 to 8:33 a.m. May 1. The windshield of
a vehicle was damaged.

Madison Forest Dr., 400 block, 9:05 a.m. April 22 to 9:05 a.m. April 25. A
vehicle was damaged during an attempt to steal a radio.

Vienna

The following incidents were recently reported by the Vienna Police Department.
For more information, call 703-255-6396.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Hillcrest Dr. SW, 1000 block, 3:23 p.m. May 4. An accordion was stolen from a
residence.

Maple Ave. SE, 200 block, 1 to 5:47 p.m. April 30. A bicycle was stolen from a
bike rack.

Maple Ave. W., 400 block, 6:30 p.m. May 3. A man took money from a female
acquaintance.

Old Courthouse Rd. NE, 300 block, 2 a.m. to noon April 30. The corners of a
vehicle's license plates, which contained the expiration stickers, were cut from
the plates.

Ware St. SW, 1200 block, April 29 to May 2. An air compressor and a
paint-sprayer were stolen from an unlocked home under construction.

VANDALISM

Holmes Dr. NW, 300 block, 9:15 p.m. May 3 to 7:45 a.m. May 4. The tires of a
vehicle were slashed.

- Compiled by Jean Mack

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Fairfax South

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             257 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       May 12, 2011 Thursday 8:11 PM EST

BYLINE: Matt Schudel;- Emma Brown;- Timothy R. Smith;- Lauren Wiseman;- Megan
Buerger

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B08

LENGTH: 2351 words


Malvin Schechterjournalist, geriatrics expert

Malvin Schechter, 80, a onetime journalist who examined problems in hospitals
and nursing homes and who was a leading authority on geriatrics and aging, died
May 3 of pneumonia at a Veterans Affairs hospice in Baltimore.

Mr. Schechter came to Washington in 1960 as editor of a magazine on geriatrics
and, with his wife, later published newsletters on aging.

In the 1960s, Mr. Schechter exposed safety deficiencies in hospitals and nursing
homes and later successfully sued the Department of Health, Education and
Welfare to obtain inspection records of nursing homes. He also reported on
hospitals' compliance with integration rules after the 1964 Civil Rights Act and
on how blood banks often kept blood from black and white donors separate.

In 1976, Mr. Schechter became a top deputy of Robert Butler, the first director
of the National Institute on Aging at the National Institutes of Health.

In about 1980, Mr. Schechter went to New York when Butler established a
geriatrics department at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine. Mr. Schechter
taught medical economics at the medical school for many years.

He also served as associate director of the International Longevity Center in
New York until his retirement in 1997.

Malvin Schechter was born in Brooklyn, N.Y., and served in the Army during the
Korean War. He was a graduate of Columbia University and received a master's
degree in journalism from Columbia in 1954.

He worked with wire services in Paris and Charlotte before moving to Washington.

Mr. Schechter was the author or co-author of several books on issues related to
aging, including "Beyond Medicare: Achieving Long-Term Security" (1993).

He lived in New York until settling in Baltimore two years ago.

Survivors include his wife of 53 years, Irma Cohen Schechter of Baltimore; three
children, Joy Schechter of Los Angeles, Daniel Schechter of Baltimore and
Lawrence Schechter of Stafford; and seven grandchildren.

- Matt Schudel

Robert S. CappsAir Force colonel

Robert S. Capps, a retired Air Force colonel and decorated World War II pilot,
died March 22 of complications from prostate cancer at DeWitt Army Community
Hospital at Fort Belvoir. He was 88 and had been a resident of Alexandria for
more than four decades.

Col. Capps joined the Army Air Forces during World War II and flew 51 combat
missions over Europe. After his combat tour, he returned to the United States to
ferry aircraft from a Ford Motor Co. factory in Detroit to other parts of the
world, including India, China and New Guinea. He later flew aircraft in the
Strategic Air Command for 11 years.

His decorations included the Legion of Merit, five awards of the Air Medal and
two awards of the Air Force Commendation Medal.

After 30 years of service, Col. Capps retired from the Air Force as a command
pilot in 1972 and received a doctorate in business administration from George
Washington University. He taught at George Mason University before retiring in
1988.

Robert Samuel Capps was born in Stockton, Calif., and raised in a suburb of San
Francisco.

He received an engineering degree from the University of California at Berkeley
and a master's degree in business administration from the University of Southern
California.

In retirement, Col. Capps wrote two self-published books: "Flying Colt," about
his World War II experiences, and "Hannibal's Lieutenant," about the life of the
Carthaginian military commander.

Col. Capps was a past president of the 456th Bomb Group Association, a group of
survivors from his World War II unit. His other memberships included the Air
Force Association, Retired Military Officers Association, Veterans of Foreign
Wars and American Legion.

Survivors include his wife of 49 years, Eve Chapen Capps of Alexandria; three
children, Wendy Winton of Milpitas, Calif., Robert R. Capps of New York and
Dennis D. Capps of Oak Park, Calif.; five grandchildren; and one
great-granddaughter.

- Emma Brown

Phyllis P. PetersonSpringfield Mall employee

Phyllis P. Peterson, 83, who worked at the information desk at Springfield Mall
from the mid-1970s to the mid-1980s, died April 9 of congestive heart failure at
Suburban Hospital in Bethesda.

She had been a Fairfax County resident for 55 years.

Phyllis Jean Patton was born in Lewisburg, W.Va., and attended Davis & Elkins
College in Elkins, W.Va.

A son, Arnold S. Peterson, died in 1956.

Survivors include her husband of 62 years, James A. Peterson of Springfield; two
sons, Jay Peterson of Winchester, Va., and Alan Peterson of Annandale; and three
granddaughters.

- Timothy R. Smith

Arthur G. Ashbrook Jr.CIA economist

Arthur G. Ashbrook Jr., 90, an analyst with the Central Intelligence Agency's
Directorate of Intelligence from 1954 to 1982 who specialized in research into
the Chinese and Soviet economies, died April 6 at his home in Washington of
complications from a fall.

During his retirement, he wrote economic briefs for "The World Factbook," an
annual CIA publication.

Arthur Garwood Ashbrook Jr. was a Pittsburgh native and an Army veteran of World
War II.

He was a 1941 economics graduate of Haverford College in Pennsylvania, where he
was elected to the Phi Beta Kappa honor society. He received a doctorate in
economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1947.

Survivors include his wife of 47 years, Cecilia Garcia Ashbrook of Washington;
two daughters, Yolie W. Diego of Santa Cruz, Calif., and Alexandra Ashbrook of
Washington; one brother; and three grandsons.

- Lauren Wiseman

Guy E. Coridenfederal employee

Guy E. Coriden, 89, an associate director of management operations for the State
Department from 1979 until he retired in 1985, died April 25 at Brighton Gardens
at Friendship Heights, an assisted living facility in Chevy Chase. He had
complications from a stroke.

Mr. Coriden joined the State Department in 1962 as a director of European
exchange programs and helped arrange educational and cultural exchanges between
the United States and other countries. From 1951 until 1962, he worked for the
CIA.

Guy Edward Coriden, a native of Syracuse, N.Y., was a 1943 graduate of Indiana
University at Bloomington. He received a master's degree in international
economics from Marquette University in Milwaukee in 1950 and a master's degree
in international relations from Tufts University in Medford, Mass., in 1951.

He served in the Army during World War II, and his decorations included the
Bronze Star Medal.

He volunteered with Big Brothers Big Sisters of the National Capital Area and
the small-claims mediation program of the D.C. Superior Court. He served on the
board of directors of the D.C. League of Women Voters.

He was a founding member of Lakewood Country Club in Rockville and a member of
St. Thomas Apostle Catholic Church in the District, where he had been a resident
since 1951.

His wife of 42 years, Mary Winbigler Coriden, died in 1998. Survivors include
two brothers, John B. Coriden of Hammond, Ind., and James A. Coriden of
Washington.

- Lauren Wiseman

Grace WalkerPan Am employee

Grace Walker, 90, who worked for Pan American World Airways and volunteered in
former first lady Hillary Clinton's social office in the 1990s, died April 29 at
Grand Oaks Assisted Living in Washington. She had cancer.

Mrs. Walker, who had been a flight attendant for Pan Am in the early 1950s,
worked for the sales and marketing departments of the airline's federal affairs
office in Washington from 1970 to 1992.

In the 1960s, Mrs. Walker was an events coordinator for the Business Council for
International Understanding, a former American University program that helped
companies with overseas transfers.

She was a member of World Wings International, a fundraising organization for
former Pan Am flight attendants.

Grace Velma Burtt was a native of Ferndale, Mich., and attended Hillsdale
College in Hillsdale, Mich. In the late 1940s, she served as a civilian
secretary with the Army in Japan.

She lived in Colorado and  New York before returning to Washington in 2009.

Her husband of 57 years, Robert H. Walker Jr., died in 2010. Survivors include
three children, Amy Barrs of Atlanta, Matthew Walker of New York City and Rachel
Luersen of the District; and two grandchildren.

- Megan Buerger

Jose A. Ferrariodental technician

Jose A. Ferrario, 82, who worked as a dental technician in Kensington for more
than 30 years and retired in 1990, died April 25 at the Washington Hospital
Center of complications after heart surgery.

Dr. Ferrario moved to the Washington area from Buenos Aires in 1966 and
eventually settled in Kensington. He moved to Rockville in 1986.

Jose Alberto Ferrario was a native of Buenos Aires and received a degree in
dentistry from the University of Buenos Aires.

Survivors include his wife of 55 years, Beatriz Sarache Ferrario of Rockville;
three children, Beatriz Deutsch of Reston, Gus Ferrario of Ijamsville and
Claudio Ferrario of Riverdale Park; eight grandchildren; and three
great-grandchildren.

- Megan Buerger

Dario C. Ferreiralegal information analyst

Dario C. Ferreira, 72, a senior legal information analyst at the Library of
Congress, died April 13 at Shady Grove Adventist Hospital in Rockville of
complications from diabetes. He was a Gaithersburg resident.

Dr. Ferreira started his career at the law library of the Library of Congress in
1975 as a legal research assistant. He specialized in canon law and Roman law.
With a working knowledge of seven languages, Dr. Ferreira helped create the
Index to Latin American Legislation, a forerunner of what is now known as the
Global Legal Information Network, a digital repository of multinational laws.

Dario Cesar Ferreira, a native of San Pedro, Paraguay, studied at a Catholic
seminary in Buenos Aires in his youth. He received a bachelor's degree in
philosophy and theology in the late 1950s at the Pontifical Gregorian University
in Rome, from which he later received master's degrees in psychology, education
and philosophy. He received a doctorate in theology and ethics in 1969 from
Catholic University.

Dr. Ferreira was ordained a Catholic priest in Paraguay and served in several
parishes in his native country before coming to the United States and serving in
parishes in Boston and New York. He left the priesthood in 1970.

After stints as a professor in Paraguay and Puerto Rico, he moved to the
Washington area in the early 1970s and worked for several years with the
Inter-American Development Bank.

Survivors include his wife of 36 years, Tita Suarez Ferreira of Gaithersburg; a
daughter, Michelle Brewer of Mountain Home, Idaho; three brothers; a sister; and
two grandchildren.

- Lauren Wiseman

Edward T. Marleyaeronautical engineer

Edward T. Marley, 90, who for 39 years was an aeronautical engineer with the
Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory, died April 16 of
respiratory failure at his home in Lewes, Del.

At the physics laboratory, Mr. Marley worked on the development of the Patriot
anti-ballistic missile. He retired in 1991.

Edward Thomas Marley was a native of Newark, N.J. He was a 1949 engineering
graduate of the University of Notre Dame. He received a master's degree in
aeronautical engineering from the University of Virginia in 1951.

He was an Army Air Forces veteran of World War II.

Mr. Marley was a member of St. Peter's Catholic Church in Olney.

Survivors include his wife of 56 years, Lois Smith Marley of Lewes; five
children, Patricia Cunningham of Washington, Gwenn Marley of Bethesda, Rosena
Marley-Schneier of Wayland, Mass., Adele Marley-Brown of Catonsville, Md., and
Edward G. Marley of Los Angeles; two sisters; and six grandchildren.

- Timothy R. Smith

Jean C. NethertonNOVA professor

Jean C. Netherton, 79, who retired in 1992 as a physical education professor at
Northern Virginia Community College, died April 29 at her home in Great Falls.
She had cancer.

Dr. Netherton moved to the Washington area from East Lansing, Mich., in 1967 and
soon joined NOVA as an associate professor. She was one of the first women to
serve as dean and provost in the state's community college system.

In the early 1960s, Dr. Netherton taught physical education at Michigan State
University in East Lansing. There, she became one of the first professors to
incorporate instructional television into her courses.

Jean Carol McIntyre was a Chicago native and a 1953 graduate of the University
of Arkansas. She received a master's degree in physical education from the
University of Illinois in 1955 and a doctorate in physical education,
communication and instructional technology from Michigan State in 1966.

Her husband of 43 years, Clifford L. Netherton, died in 2010. She had no
immediate survivors.

- Megan Buerger

Wade H. Pugh IIImath professor

Wade H. Pugh III, 58, who had been a math professor at Montgomery College in
Rockville since 1998, died April 27 at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore of
complications from septic shock.

Mr. Pugh moved to Silver Spring from Tampa in the mid-1980s to start a tutoring
business called A+ Tutoring, which he closed a few years later. He also taught
math at the District's Mount Vernon College, which later merged with George
Washington University.

While teaching at Montgomery College, he operated a tutoring business out of his
home called Probastat that specialized in probability and statistics.

Wade Hampton Pugh III was a native of Coatesville, Pa. In 1973, he earned an
associate's degree from what is now Potomac State College of West Virginia
University. He received a bachelor's degree in 1975 from Shepherd University in
West Virginia and a master's degree in economics from West Virginia University
in 1978.

Mr. Pugh was a member of Christ Lutheran Church of the Deaf in Silver Spring.

Survivors include his wife of 12 years, Lisa Wellander Pugh of Silver Spring;
and a sister.

- Megan Buerger

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             258 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       May 12, 2011 Thursday 8:11 PM EST

Fairfax County crime report

SECTION: Metro; Pg. T26

LENGTH: 2374 words


Fairfax County

The following incidents were recently reported by the Fairfax County Police
Department. For more information, call 703-246-2253.

FAIR OAKS DISTRICTTHEFTS/BREAK-INS

Dudley Ct., 10700 block. A laptop computer was stolen from a residence.

Fair Oaks Shopping Center, 11800 block. Cash was stolen from a business.

Little Current Dr., 2400 block. A golf cart was stolen from a business.

Majestic Lane, 4000 block. Beer was stolen from a business.

Quiet Woods Lane, 4700 block. A purse was stolen from a residence.

Summit Corner Dr., 4200 block. Wheels were stolen from a vehicle.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Carrico Dr., 4400 block. A 2006 Ford E-250 was stolen.

FRANCONIA DISTRICTROBBERIES

Dutchman Dr. and Richmond Hwy., 6:30 p.m. May 4. Two males robbed a 20-year-old
man of a cellphone and a wallet.

Hagel Cir., 9800 block, 9:50 p.m. May 4. Three men, one with a bat, robbed a
58-year-old pizza deliveryman of cash and pizza.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Apple Tree Dr., 4700 block. An air compressor was stolen from a vehicle.

Bismach Dr., 5600 block. A purse was stolen from a residence.

Brandon Ave., 6400 block. A gun and a Global Positioning System device were
stolen from a vehicle.

Callcott Way, 5700 block. A Global Positioning System device was stolen from a
vehicle.

Chicory Pl., 6000 block. Tires were stolen from a vehicle.

Commerce St., 7200 block. Food and beverage items were stolen from a business.

Dogue Indian Cir., 7800 block. A cellphone and a wallet were stolen from a
business.

Electronic Dr., 6600 block. An air conditioner was stolen from a business.

Franconia Rd., 6100 block. A gun was stolen from a vehicle.

Hagel Cir., 9800 block. An iPod was stolen from a residence.

Lamar Dr., 7200 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

Springfield Plaza, 6300 block. Shorts were stolen from a business.

Terminal Rd., 8400 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

Wilma Lane, 7400 block. A purse was stolen from a business.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Elmwood Dr., 3600 block. A 2000 Honda Civic was stolen.

Rockshire St., 6400 block. A 2008 Ford Focus was stolen.

MASON DISTRICTTHEFTS/BREAK-INS

Annandale Rd., 4200 block. Cigarettes were stolen from a business.

Arlington Blvd., 6100 block. A wallet was stolen from a business.

Columbia Pike, 6800 block, 3:40 to 4 a.m. April 29. Electronic items were stolen
from a religious institution entered by forcing open a window.

Leesburg Ct., 3500 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

Leesburg Pike, 5800 block. A credit card was stolen from a business.

Lincoln Ave., 5100 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

South Jefferson St., 3500 block. Gold was stolen from a residence.

South Jefferson St., 3500 block. Liquor was stolen from a business.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Arlington Blvd., 6100 block. A 2005 Ford was stolen.

MCLEAN DISTRICTTHEFTS/BREAK-INS

Broadway Dr., 7500 block. A passport was stolen from a residence.

Chain Bridge Rd., 1900 block. A cellphone was stolen from a business.

Dover Lane, 2900 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

Georgetown Pike, 6300 block. A credit card was stolen from a vehicle.

Georgetown Pike, 7000 block. A purse was stolen from a church.

Georgetown Pike, 8800 block. A purse was stolen from a vehicle.

Hamaker Ct., 3000 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

Kings Chapel Rd., 2900 block. A scooter was stolen from a residence.

Leesburg Pike, 8000 block. A watch was stolen from a business.

Leesburg Pike, 8100 block. Cellphones were stolen from a business.

Lewinsville Rd., 7900 block. A stereo, a Global Positioning System device and
other property were stolen from a vehicle.

Old Dominion Dr., 6200 block. A ring, a necklace and a bracelet were stolen from
a business.

Towne Lane Rd., 6700 block. A purse was stolen from a vehicle.

MOUNT VERNON DISTRICTTHEFTS/BREAK-INS

Audubon Ave., 7900 block. License plates were stolen from a vehicle.

Franklin St., 3000 block, 12:30 to 3:30 p.m. May 2. A laptop computer was stolen
from a residence entered by forcing open a door.

Groveton St., 3100 block. Furniture was stolen from a residence.

Janna Lee Ave., 7900 block. A video game system was stolen from a residence.

Mount Vernon Sq., 7400 block. Groceries were stolen from a business.

Quander Rd., 6500 block. A purse was stolen from a school.

Richmond Hwy., 6300 block. DVDs were stolen from a business.

Richmond Hwy., 6600 block. Merchandise was stolen from a business.

Richmond Hwy., 6800 block, 5 p.m. April 27 to noon April 28. Power tools were
stolen from a trailer at a construction site. The trailer was entered by forcing
open a window.

Richmond Hwy., 7900 block. A doll and merchandise were stolen from a business.

Richmond Hwy., 7900 block. License plates were stolen from a vehicle.

Richmond Hwy., 7900 block. Sunglasses were stolen from a business.

Richmond Hwy., 8600 block. Liquor was stolen from a business.

Stirrup Lane, 2600 block. A bicycle was stolen from a residence.

RESTON DISTRICTTHEFTS/BREAK-INS

Chancery Station Cir., 12000 block. A Global Positioning System device, an iPod,
sunglasses and cash were stolen from a vehicle.

Royal Fern Ct., 2000 block, 5:50 a.m. May 1. A woman awoke and found a man lying
in bed next to her. She screamed, and the man fled. The man had entered the
residence through an unlocked door.

Springer Dr., 13200 block. A cellphone was stolen from a park.

Stalwart Ct., 12300 block. A purse was stolen from a vehicle.

Winterthur Lane, 11900 block. A leaf blower was stolen from a business.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Freedom Dr., 11900 block. A 2007 Volvo was stolen.

Northgate Sq., 1500 block. A 2011 Honda Civic was stolen.

Stone Wheel Dr., 2200 block. A 2006 Toyota Corolla was stolen.

SULLY DISTRICTTHEFTS/BREAK-INS

Brookmere Dr., 14300 block. A gun was stolen from a vehicle.

Conference Center Dr., 15000 block. An iPhone was stolen from a business.

Maidstone Ct., 14800 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

Prince Way, 6200 block, 5 a.m. to 6 p.m. April 28. A video game system, video
games, books and other items were stolen from a residence.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Purple Dusk Ct., 13400 block. A Honda Odyssey was stolen.

WEST SPRINGFIELD DISTRICTROBBERIES

Elizabeth Lane, 4100 block, 10:40 p.m. May 4. Two men robbed a 19-year-old man
of his wallet.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Alban Rd., 8400 block. License plates were stolen from a vehicle.

Americana Dr., 4900 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

Collin Chase Pl., 4900 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

Crestmont Cir., 8200 block. Equipment was stolen from a vehicle.

Fox Grape Lane, 9000 block. A cellphone was stolen from a business.

Newington Woods Dr., 7800 block. A safe was stolen from a residence.

Rolling Rd., 6100 block. A cellphone was stolen from a school.

Rolling Rd., 6200 block. Food and beverage items were stolen from a business.

Schoolhouse Woods Ct., 10100 block. A purse was stolen from a vehicle.

Silverdale Rd. and Kenosha Ct.Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

Sutter Lane, 7800 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

Wood Poppy Ct., 5800 block. Cash was stolen from a residence.

Zanuck Ct., 7400 block. An iPhone was stolen from a residence.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Bent Arrow Ct., 8600 block. A 2003 Honda Accord was stolen.

Bradfield Dr., 5200 block. A 2010 Honda Civic was stolen.

Skyles Way, 7000 block. A 2008 Dodge Charger was stolen.

VANDALISM

Little River Tpk., 7500 block, 4:15 to 7:18 p.m. May 4. Graffiti were
spray-painted inside an apartment building.

Fairfax City

The following incidents were recently reported by the Fairfax City Police
Department. For more information, call 703-385-7809.

ASSAULTS

Main St., 10500 block, 2:36 a.m. April 29. Police responded to a report of a man
walking in the middle of the street. The man kicked an officer in the chest and
attempted to damage a police cruiser. An 18-year-old Leesburg man was charged
with assaulting an officer and public drunkenness.

Willard Way, 10300 block, 10:07 p.m. April 28. Police, responding to a report of
a fight in a parking lot of a restaurant, learned that a male had assaulted a
21-year-old restaurant employee, then fled in a vehicle. A 24-year-old
Alexandria man was charged with malicious wounding and public drunkenness. A
24-year-old Lorton man was charged with public drunkenness. The employee was
treated at a medical facility.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Chain Bridge Rd., 3900 block, 3:15 to 3:53 p.m. April 30. A cellphone was stolen
from an office building.

Jermantown Rd., 4000 block, 6:05 p.m. April 30. A store security officer saw a
male place a pair of sunglasses in his pocket and attempt to leave the store. A
42-year-old man of no fixed address was charged with concealment.

Jermantown Rd., 4000 block, 9:11 a.m. April 29. A store security officer saw a
male conceal merchandise and leave the business. An 18-year-old man of no fixed
address was charged with petty larceny.

Main St., 10400 block, 1:45 to 2:04 a.m. May 1. A purse containing cash, credit
cards, keys, a digital camera and two cellphones was stolen from a table in a
sports lounge.

North St., 10300 block, 2:34 p.m. April 23. A laptop computer was stolen from a
library.

Old Lee Hwy., 3700 block, 8:30 to 9:38 a.m. April 27. A license plate was stolen
from a vehicle.

Old Lee Hwy., 3800 block, 1:30 to 4:30 p.m. April 29. A laptop computer was
stolen from a counter in a tattoo parlor.

Willard Way, 10300 block, 11:10 a.m. April 23. A male stole a rotisserie chicken
from a grocery store, then fled on foot. A 41-year-old man of no fixed address
was charged with petty larceny.

VANDALISM

Gainsborough Ct., 11100 block, 3 to 7:30 a.m. May 1. The trunk of a vehicle was
dented.

Main St., 10400 block, 11:30 p.m. April 30 to 2:02 a.m. May 1. A window of a
vehicle was broken, and the doors and a bumper were scratched.

Spring Lake Ct., 3300 block, 7:57 p.m. May 2. The side of a house was struck by
a BB or a pellet.

Willard Way, 10300 block, 7 p.m. April 26 to 9:27 a.m. April 27. Graffiti were
spray-painted on a rear door of a business.

Falls Church

The following incidents were recently reported by the Falls Church Police
Department. For more information, call 703-248-5056.

ASSAULTS

Broad St. E., 100 block, 11:59 p.m. April 29. The driver of a vehicle that had
crashed into a barrier punched the investigating police officer in the face. A
48-year-old Richmond man was charged with assaulting a police officer, driving
under the influence of alcohol and refusal to submit to a breath or blood test.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Annandale Rd. W., 100 block, April 24 to April 27. A radio/CD player was stolen
from an unlocked vehicle.

Great Falls St., 100 block, 8:57 a.m. April 27. A radio/CD player was stolen
from a vehicle.

Hillwood Ave., 100 block, 8:41 p.m. April 26. Gas was stolen from a service
station.

Washington St. S., 400 block, 5:46 p.m. April 26. A wallet containing cash and
credit cards was stolen. A 25-year-old Florida woman was charged with credit
card theft.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

Broad St. E., 100 block, 1 to 3 p.m. April 28. A four-wheel trailer was stolen
from a parking lot.

Washington St. S., 400 block, 10:34 a.m. April 29. A motorized scooter was
stolen from a service area of a business.

VANDALISM

Maple Ave. N., 200 block, 8:25 a.m. April 27. A window of a vehicle was pried
from the door frame. The interior was ransacked. Nothing was reported missing.

Timber Lane, 300 block, 12:30 to 1:30 p.m. May 1. Graffiti were spray-painted on
a vehicle.

Timber Lane, 700 block, 12:34 p.m. May 1. Graffiti were spray-painted on a
vehicle.

Herndon

The following incidents were recently reported by the Herndon Police Department.
For more information, call 703-435-6846.

ASSAULTS

Calhoun Ct., 600 block, 11:56 p.m. April 24. A 41-year-old Herndon man was
charged with assault and resisting arrest. A 20-year-old Herndon man was charged
with assault of a police officer and obstruction of justice.

Kings Ct., 1000 block, 11:33 a.m. April 28. A person assaulted an acquaintance.

ROBBERIES

Elden St., 1100 block, 1:43 a.m. May 1. A person accosted a male and took his
wallet.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Carlisle Dr., 400 block, 2:30 to 3:30 p.m. April 30. Cash and credit cards were
stolen.

Dranesville Rd., 500 block, 4 p.m. April 12 to 2:30 p.m. April 26. A CD player
was stolen from a vehicle.

Dranesville Rd., 500 block, 8 p.m. April 21 to 8 p.m. April 23. Cash was stolen
from an unlocked vehicle.

Elden St., 400 block, 1:36 p.m. April 30. A 37-year-old Herndon woman was
charged with shoplifting.

Elden St., 400 block, 1:36 p.m. May 1. A 46-year-old Herndon woman was charged
with shoplifting.

Elden St., 400 block, 8:40 p.m. April 29. A 22-year-old Herndon woman was
charged with shoplifting.

Elden St., 1000 block, 11:59 p.m. April 27. A person stole a cellphone from an
acquaintance.

Herndon Woods Ct., 500 block, 7 to 7:15 p.m. April 24. A purse was stolen from a
locked vehicle.

Jenny Ann Ct., 700 block, 12:01 a.m. April 27. A bicycle was stolen from a
garage.

Jenny Ann Ct., 700 block, 7:19 p.m. April 25. A bicycle was stolen.

VANDALISM

Locust St., 900 block, 10:09 May 1. A rock wall was damaged.

Longfellow Ct., 900 block, 8 p.m. April 30 to 8:33 a.m. May 1. The windshield of
a vehicle was damaged.

Madison Forest Dr., 400 block, 9:05 a.m. April 22 to 9:05 a.m. April 25. A
vehicle was damaged during an attempt to steal a radio.

Vienna

The following incidents were recently reported by the Vienna Police Department.
For more information, call 703-255-6396.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

Hillcrest Dr. SW, 1000 block, 3:23 p.m. May 4. An accordion was stolen from a
residence.

Maple Ave. SE, 200 block, 1 to 5:47 p.m. April 30. A bicycle was stolen from a
bike rack.

Maple Ave. W., 400 block, 6:30 p.m. May 3. A man took money from a female
acquaintance.

Old Courthouse Rd. NE, 300 block, 2 a.m. to noon April 30. The corners of a
vehicle's license plates, which contained the expiration stickers, were cut from
the plates.

Ware St. SW, 1200 block, April 29 to May 2. An air compressor and a
paint-sprayer were stolen from an unlocked home under construction.

VANDALISM

Holmes Dr. NW, 300 block, 9:15 p.m. May 3 to 7:45 a.m. May 4. The tires of a
vehicle were slashed.

- Compiled by Jean Mack


LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             259 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                               May 6, 2011 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Demand for fuel-efficient cars helps GM to $3.2 billion profit

BYLINE: Ben Klayman;Bernie Woodall

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 414 words


DETROIT - A tripling of profits by General Motors was marred by incentives to
lift car sales, raising doubts about the automaker's ability to maintain
momentum since emerging from bankruptcy.

GM's first-quarter profit topped expectations Thursday, driven by a recovery in
the U.S. market on the back of strong demand for more fuel-efficient cars, such
as the Chevrolet Cruze. Analysts, however, raised concerns that GM was not able
to match rival Ford's ability to boost both volumes and prices, and GM's shares
fell 3 percent.

GM's profit in the first quarter rose to $3.2 billion, or $1.77 a share,
compared with $900 million, or 55 cents a share, in the year-earlier quarter.
Even though the U.S. automaker's sales rose 15 percent to $36.2 billion against
Wall Street's estimate for $35.6 billion, analysts said the increase was
tarnished by the aggressive incentives early in the quarter.

"It's great that they beat consensus," Morningstar analyst David Whiston said,
"but it's troubling to see them not get any help . . . from pricing. That's
quite a contrast from Ford, which is getting improvements from both volume and
pricing. GM's only getting help from volume right now."

It was the first full quarter since GM's initial public stock offering last
November. The company filed for bankruptcy in 2009 after the U.S. housing
downturn and a spike in gasoline prices the year before that caused people to
turn away from its high-profit trucks. GM emerged from bankruptcy 40 days later,
thanks to a $52 billion taxpayer-funded bailout. The U.S. government still owns
32 percent of common shares.

Pricing for GM's cars and trucks fell in North America and stayed flat in its
European and international operations, which mostly consist of GM's largest auto
sales market, China. Pricing rose in South America. The adjusted operating
profit in GM's international operations fell by one-third from the year earlier.

Chief Financial Officer Dan Ammann said that GM recently announced a price
increase on most of its vehicle lineup that went into effect earlier this week.
Continued price increases may come as the year goes on.

"From our point of view, it's a solid quarter. It's good progress. It sets up a
good foundation for the balance of the year," Ammann said.

GM's results followed those of Ford, which last week posted earnings of $2.55
billion, its first-quarter profit in 13 years, as higher prices for redesigned
vehicles offset pressure from spiking commodity and oil prices.

- Reuters

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             260 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 4, 2011 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

GM thinks compact, beats estimates

BYLINE: Craig Trudell;- Bloomberg News

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 577 words


General Motors' U.S. deliveries rose more than analysts estimated as increasing
demand for fuel-efficient models pushed the industry's annual sales rate above
13 million for the third straight month.

GM's U.S. sales climbed 26 percent to 232,538 vehicles from 183,997 a year
earlier, the Detroit-based automaker said Tuesday in a statement. The gain
topped the 14 percent increase estimated on average by seven analysts surveyed
by Bloomberg. Ford Motor said its sales rose 13 percent to 189,778, and Toyota
deliveries increased 1.3 percent to 159,540.

The U.S. auto sales rate in April was 13.2 million on a seasonally adjusted
annualized basis. GM's Chevrolet Cruze compact car set a record for sales since
its introduction last year, and Ford's Fiesta subcompact exceeded 9,000
deliveries for a second consecutive month.

"Gas prices are the story," said Michelle Krebs, an analyst for Edmunds.com. "It
looks like $4 a gallon is the magic number to shift consumer behavior."

Confidence among U.S. consumers rose more than forecast in April, signaling that
six straight months of job growth are helping Americans endure the highest fuel
prices in almost three years. The average U.S. price of regular unleaded
gasoline was $3.97 a gallon Tuesday, more than a dollar higher than a year ago,
according to AAA. The price peaked at $4.11 in July 2008.

"This is a sort of vote of confidence for the recovery," said John Canally, an
economist and investment strategist at Boston-based LPL Financial Corp.

The rate for light-vehicle sales was 13.1 million in March and 13.4 million in
February, according to Autodata Corp.

Ford's 13 percent gain trailed the average estimate of seven analysts surveyed
by Bloomberg for a 14 percent increase. Sales of the Focus compact car rose 22
percent to 17,265. F-Series pickup sales rose 11 percent.

Nissan, which reported a 12 percent sales gain, won a contract Tuesday to supply
New York's fleet of yellow taxi cabs. U.S. sales gained 9.8 percent at Honda.

The increase in deliveries at Toyota, whose position as the world's largest
automaker is being challenged by GM, trailed the 1.4 percent average estimate of
four analysts.

Toyota's Lexus, the top-selling luxury brand in the United States for the past
11 years, trails Bayerische Motoren Werke AG's namesake BMW brand and Daimler
AG's Mercedes-Benz by more than 6,000 vehicles through four months this year.

Mark Templin, head of U.S. Lexus sales, last month said the brand doesn't expect
to retain its volume lead in the U.S. this year because of supply disruptions
following the March 11 earthquake and tsunami. All but one Lexus model is made
only in Japan.

"We haven't felt the biggest brunt yet of not having enough cars in inventory
due to Japan's problems," said Jesse Toprak, vice president of industry trends
at TrueCar.com. "In May, we're going to start seeing this become more of an
issue, and in June it's going to become a severe handicap for the industry."

Hyundai, South Korea's largest automaker, said sales in April rose 40 percent
from a year ago to 61,754 vehicles. Kia Motors, Hyundai's affiliate, reported a
57 percent U.S. sales increase. Combined, the Seoul-based corporate partners
sold a record 108,828 cars and light trucks last month.

Chrysler Group said sales rose 22 percent to 117,225 vehicles. The results
topped the 18 percent average of five analysts' estimates, as deliveries of the
Grand Cherokee sport-utility vehicle more than doubled.

- Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             261 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 27, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Small-car sales help Ford post its biggest first-quarter profit since 1998

BYLINE: Peter Whoriskey

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 619 words


Ford reported its biggest first-quarter profit since 1998 on Tuesday, as the
domestic auto industry shows growing signs of vitality since its near collapse
three years ago.

The nation's second-largest automaker attributed the jump in part to the sales
of fuel-efficient vehicles, which have become more attractive with the rise in
gas prices.

Linking the company's profits to small cars represents a marked change from the
past, when some U.S. automakers complained that profit margins on them were too
tiny to be important. Instead, automakers relied on sport-utility vehicles to
make gains.

But Ford officials indicated Tuesday that they have been able to increase prices
and profit margins on small cars, in part by selling them equipped with
electronics, navigation systems and comforts such as seat-warmers.

"We really are pleased with the progress," Ford chief executive Alan Mulally
said during a conference call with reporters and analysts.

The announcement came amid other positive signs for the U.S. economy, as stocks
surged, with the Dow Jones industrial average and the S&P 500-stock index each
up nearly 1 percent for the day.

Analysts attributed the market gains to upbeat reports from an array of
companies and an uptick in U.S. consumer sentiment, as measured by the
Conference Board's index of consumer confidence. The confidence index notched
its second-highest reading since the downturn in 2008. Industrial stocks, such
as 3M, Caterpillar and Ford were particularly strong.

Indeed, Ford's success has come despite what might be considered some turbulent
market conditions.

The earthquake in Japan, which has crippled some vital auto parts makers, has
caused automakers around the world to scramble for supplies.

"The impact of the tragic events in Japan continues to unfold, and we are
managing this on a day-to-day basis," Mulally said. But "during the first
quarter, there was very limited impact on our production."

Possibly worse for automakers, gas prices rose steadily in the first quarter, a
phenomenon that generally suppresses sales of the industry's largest and most
profitable vehicles. As the industry neared disaster in 2008, rising gas prices
were partly to blame, and company executives faced a barrage of criticism from
Congress and environmentalists for relying so heavily on larger, gas-hungry
vehicles.

But on Tuesday, Ford officials indicated that the sales of fuel-efficient cars
had "boosted" results.

"They'd rather be selling larger vehicles," said Jessica Caldwell, an industry
analyst at Edmunds.com, the automotive Web site. "But the margins have gotten
better for smaller cars. It really helps them grow profits."

Ford's net income was $2.6 billion for the quarter, or 61 cents a share, up from
$2.1 billion, or 50 cents a share, in the corresponding period a year ago.
Ford's stock rose about 0.8 percent in regular trading.

Analysts credited the company with making better cars and resisting the
temptation to hold on to market share by lowering prices or offering incentives.
Ford's market share in North America did decline slightly, to 16 percent from
16.5 percent a year ago.

"We've seen improvement in the fundamentals of the company in every year," said
Jesse Toprak, vice president for industry trends at TrueCar.com, which tracks
auto sales. "It's the strength of product. The best-case scenario for an
automaker is that you sell the car and not the deal. It's easy to say, but it's
not easy to do."

Mulally said the company expects to add 7,000 jobs in the United States in the
next couple of years.

"We anticipate that our market share overall for the year will be equal to
improve over last year, which is terrific in this environment," Mulally said.

whoriskeyp@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             262 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 26, 2011 Tuesday
                                Regional Edition

Ford's Theatre announces new initiative on tolerance

BYLINE: Jacqueline Trescott

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 566 words


Ford's Theatre has announced a five-year project to mount one play each season
with themes of tolerance, equality and other social issues and pair them with a
month of weekly dialogues.

"The Lincoln Legacy Project," a new initiative, will start in the fall with the
musical "Parade," the theater announced Tuesday. The play follows the true story
of Leo Frank, a Jewish factory manager in early-20th-century Atlanta, who, after
being accused of murdering a 13-year-old girl, was lynched by a mob. The play's
themes about religious intolerance, racial tension and injustice will be
discussed in town hall meetings and scholar and activist panels on successive
Mondays in October at Ford's.

"Parade" was first produced in New York in 1998, ran for 85 performances and won
two Tony Awards. "I wept. I was so moved and couldn't believe this had happened
in our country," said Paul Tetreault, Ford's director, who was sitting in the
audience.

In his office on F Street, with hordes of tourists lined up to visit Ford's on a
sunny day, Tetreault said the project continues the discussion of Abraham
Lincoln's principles as well as focuses on current issues.

"Whether the play is historical or not, the conversation is now," Tetreault
said. "Things are still happening. Gay kids are threatened and kill themselves."

Ford's has enlisted several partners for the "Legacy Project," starting with the
Anti-Defamation League, which was founded in the wake of Frank's lynching in
1913; the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights; the Jewish Historical
Society of Greater Washington; the D.C. Jewish Community Center; and the Abraham
Lincoln Bicentennial Foundation.

"I think this is an opportunity to bring African American and Jewish groups and
audiences together to reflect on this moment in history. They can see how out of
the mainstream both African American and Jewish people were in the South," said
Ari Roth, the artistic director of Theater J, another sponsor. "This is an
unsentimental play, and these are unsentimental times. Things go wrong for
everyone."

The founding sponsor of the project, the theater also announced Tuesday, is
Ronald O. Perelman, chairman of MacAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc., who pledged
$500,000.

Under consideration for future season openers are: "The Laramie Project," about
the 1998 killing of University of Wyoming gay student Matthew Shepard; "Fly,"
about the Tuskegee Airmen; "The Scottsboro Boys," about the 1930s case of nine
African American men accused of attacking two white women; "The Crucible," about
the Salem witch hunts; and "The Andersonville Trial," about a Confederate POW
camp.

"Parade," which has never been produced in Washington, was written by Alfred
Uhry, with music and lyrics by Jason Robert Brown. Ford's is bringing the
production that was staged at the Mark Taper Forum in Los Angeles in 2009. It
opens Sept. 23.

The 2011-12 season will also include "A Christmas Carol," from Nov. 18 to Dec.
31; a commission from playwright Richard Hellesen about the relationship between
Lincoln and abolitionist Frederick Douglass; and "1776," the Tony Award-winning
musical, from March 9 to May 19.

The theater will open its Center for Education and Leadership, across from
Ford's, in February 2012. "This is really the beginning of the focus of our
programs at the center. That's what we are talking about - leadership,"
Tetreault said.

trescottj@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             263 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 16, 2011 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

Lawsuits are making our cars safer

BYLINE: Gibson Vance

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 593 words


Traffic deaths in the United States have dropped to their lowest level since
1949, according to a report released this month by the National Highway Traffic
Safety Administration (NHTSA). Remarkably, this drop occurred even as Americans
drove 21 billion more miles in 2010 than they had the previous year.

The drop in fatalities is due in large part to the fact that cars are getting
safer. Since the introduction of the Ford Pinto nearly four decades ago - a car
synonymous with danger, destruction and executives putting profits ahead of
consumer safety - amazing advancements have been made in auto safety. The
technology is better, regulations are stronger and buyers have more information.
Not surprisingly, consumers are drawn to cars with the latest safety features.

Yet these factors alone do not tell the whole story. History shows that
litigation and the civil justice system have served as the most consistent and
powerful forces in heightening safety standards, revealing previously concealed
defects and regulatory weaknesses and deterring manufacturers from cutting
corners on safety for the goal of greater profits.

The Ford Pinto litigation sent a strong message to the auto industry.
Unfortunately, manufacturers have still sold dangerous cars. In June 2004, a
Dallas-area mother stopped her Ford F-150 truck to speak with her husband
through the driver's side window. Her 3-year-old daughter leaned out the
passenger's side window and accidentally hit the rocker switch, causing the
window to close on her neck. When her parents noticed moments later, it was too
late - their daughter was strangled.

As power windows became more common, so too did instances of children being
strangled. Seven children died within a three-month period in 2004.
Manufacturers were aware of the issue, and the fix was relatively simple and
inexpensive. In response to regulations in other countries, European and Asian
cars already used a safer switch - one that must be pulled up to raise a window
- and so did many U.S. manufacturers on cars they offered to foreign markets.
Yet incredibly, U.S. manufacturers did not install the safer switches on
domestic cars because NHTSA had no rules governing power-window safety.
Litigation eventually forced universal acceptance of the safer switches in 2006.

It is easy to take for granted just how much safer vehicles have become and how
safety measures have been standardized. For years, the auto industry has worked
to undermine regulations and limit its liability by pushing for complete
immunity from lawsuits when their vehicles comply with minimum federal safety
standards. This would, in short, be devastating for consumers.

Recall that the Pinto's design met all government standards of the time. Had
compliance with federal standards been a complete defense of vehicle safety,
Ford could not have been held accountable for the many burn victims that the
company was later shown to have anticipated.

Put another way, without the civil justice system, gas tanks would still explode
in rear-end collisions, seat belts and airbags would not be standard, and cars
would roll over onto roofs that would be easily crushed.

There are multiple reasons behind the welcome news that traffic deaths continue
to decline. But the role of the civil justice system is often overlooked.
Litigation has spurred safety innovations in vehicles for more than half a
century and will continue to be essential in keeping Americans safe and holding
manufacturers accountable.

The writer is president of the American Association for Justice.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             264 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 15, 2011 Friday
                                Regional Edition

Ford widens recall of F-150 pickup for air bag defect to 1.2 million vehicles

BYLINE: Tom Krisher

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 387 words


DETROIT - Under pressure from government safety regulators, Ford is expanding a
recall of the popular F-150 pickup truck to include nearly 1.2 million vehicles
that may have defective air bags.

The wider recall, announced Thursday by the National Highway Traffic Safety
Administration, covers all F-150s built for the 2004 and 2005 model years, as
well as part of the 2006 model year. Also included are 16,000 2006 Lincoln LT
pickups.

An electrical short can cause the air bags to deploy unexpectedly, in some cases
injuring drivers.

In February, Ford agreed to fix 150,000 F-150s but resisted the government's
wishes to recall nearly 1.2 million trucks that may have the problem.

Ford's F-Series pickup truck is the top-selling vehicle in the United States,
and the F-150 makes up about 65 percent of F-Series sales. Through March, the
company sold nearly 127,000 of the pickups, and it sold more than 528,000 last
year. Heavier-duty F-250 and F-350 trucks were not included in the recall.

Ford said it will notify all owners next month that they should take their
F-150s to a dealer to replace an air bag wire in the steering wheel. The wire
can become chafed, causing a short circuit that can lead to the air bag
inflating unexpectedly.

The wiring problem was fixed at Ford's factories in January 2006, so trucks made
after that date were not covered by the recall, company spokesman Wes Sherwood
said.

NHTSA said in a January 2011 letter to the company that the agency knew of 269
cases in which the air bags deployed inadvertently, resulting in 98 injuries,
some serious.

Ford told NHTSA that some drivers reported injuries such as burns from contact
with the air bags, bruises, neck and back pain and minor cuts. Two customers
reported broken or chipped teeth, and two said they suffered elbow or arm
fractures. Ford said it knows of no crashes caused by the air bag problem.

In February, NHTSA wanted Ford to recall all 1.2 million trucks, but the company
said the full recall was not justified. Ford said owners received adequate
warning from an air bag light on the dashboard. But NHTSA disagreed and said it
could hold a rare public hearing on the matter. "The potential for loss of
vehicular control poses an unreasonable risk to safety," NHTSA said.

- Associated Press

AP auto writer Dee-Ann Durbin contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             265 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 2, 2011 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Auto sales up with economy, but buyers downsize

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 188 words


DETROIT - U.S. sales of new cars and trucks rose in March, helped by rising
sales of fuel-efficient vehicles.

March was only the second month that Ford has outsold GM since 1998. Ford sold
212,777 cars and trucks in March, 6,100 more than GM. New vehicle sales rose 11
percent at General Motors, 16 percent at Ford, 23 percent at Honda and 27
percent at Nissan, all aided by sales of smaller, more efficient cars and
crossovers. Of major automakers, only Toyota reported a decline, nearly 6
percent.

Nearly all companies reported strong sales of small cars during the month, and
large car sales generally were down. But truck sales also were healthy in March
for just about every manufacturer, a sign that businesses were buying as the
economy continues to recover.

GM's increase was propelled by the new Chevrolet Cruze, its first well-received
small car in years. Ford said buyers gravitated to smaller, more fuel-efficient
cars and crossovers because of rising gasoline prices. Toyota attributed its
sales drop to reduced rebates and limited availability of some models because of
supply disruptions caused by Japan's earthquake.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             266 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            March 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

UAW chief assails pay of Ford CEO

BYLINE: Dee-Ann Durbin

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 371 words


DETROIT - United Auto Workers President Bob King on Tuesday criticized the
nearly$60 million in stock awards given to Ford Motor Co. chief executive Alan
Mulally earlier this month.

King spoke at a union conference that will set goals for bargaining a new
contract with automakers. The UAW's current contract with Detroit's three
automakers expires Sept. 14.

"I think Alan Mulally is a great CEO, but I don't think any human being in the
world deserves that much money," King said at the opening of a three-day UAW
convention in Detroit.

Mulally received stock valued at $56.6 million, before taxes, for his
performance in 2009 and 2010.

His total compensation for 2010 hasn't yet been released.

Ford responded that Mulally's leadership has been "widely recognized as
extraordinary." The company earned $6.6 billion in 2010, its biggest profit in
11 years.

"His compensation reflects Ford's goal of retaining a world-class CEO, providing
appropriate performance-based incentives to promote continued strong progress,
and aligning his interests with those of our shareholders," the company said
Tuesday.

But many of the 1,200 delegates at the convention voiced displeasure about
Mulally's pay and said the $5,000 profit-sharing checks Ford gave its 40,000
factory workers aren't assuaging their anger.

Ford workers "felt like they were slapped," said Todd Wyse, a member of Local
249 in Pleasant Valley, Mo. "Mulally set the plan up, but we achieved the plan."

The UAW bargains with Ford, General Motors and Chrysler every four years. In
2007, when the economy was heading into a downturn and the companies' futures
were in doubt, workers gave up raises and agreed to allow the companies to hire
entry-level employees at a lower wage. Now that Ford and GM are in the black
again and Chrysler is close to achieving a profit, workers want to recoup some
of those concessions.

King said the union has to strike a balance and not make demands that will
weaken the companies. The automakers are still recovering from the recession and
are facing a variety of problems, including higher gas prices that could steer
buyers toward less-profitable small cars and production slowdowns resulting from
a shortage of parts from Japan.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             267 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 13, 2011 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Top two at Ford pocket $100 million in stock

BYLINE: - From;news services;staff reports

SECTION: A- Section ; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 978 words


Ford Motor's turnaround paid off handsomely for its top executives. Chairman
Bill Ford and chief executive Alan Mulally together landed shares valued at
nearly $100 million, according to regulatory filings. The stock was allocated
when Ford's share price dropped close to $1 during the recession. Ford's share
price closed at $14.36 on Friday. Â¶ Ford said it was "committed to aligning
executive compensation to the company's performance." The company also paid
$5,000 bonuses to each of its 40,600 hourly employees.Â¶ Incentive-based
executive pay has been a focus of financial regulatory reform efforts.

Business

Blockbuster can sell itself to a group of hedge funds, a bankruptcy court judge
ruled. The ruling averted immediate liquidation of the video store's assets.

Macau casino king Stanley Ho and his family said they settled the dispute over
the controlling stake in his gaming empire, which is valued at $1.5 billion.

Galleon founder Raj Rajaratnam's trial begins in New York on criminal
insider-trading charges. He is accused of making $45 million in illegal profits.
The jury heard Galleon wiretaps.

Apple released the iPad 2 on Friday. Analysts expected more than 500,000 units
to be sold the first day. Apple sold more than 15 million iPads in 2010.

Subway overtook McDonald's as world's largest restaurant chain, by number of
outlets, with 33,749.

Google was pressured to improve its security after malicious apps downloaded to
260,000 smartphones from its online store.

Oil companies and banks halted trading crude oil with Libya to honor sanctions;
oil prices climbed higher.

Toyota signaled that it will reduce the size of its board in an effort to
streamline decision making. The move fueled tensions.

Boeing's new version of its 747 and Dreamliner piqued the interest of two
Chinese airlines.

United Continental Holdings scaled back on growth plans, citing soaring jet-fuel
prices. Delta, American previously announced such pullbacks.

Morgan Stanley may drop the name Smith Barney, which would end the iconic Wall
Street brand.

Dynegy, power generator, said it faces Chapter 11 unless it renegotiates credit
agreements. Shareholders have rejected two buyout offers.

Warner Bros. plans to rent movies via Facebook, in an effort to add a new
revenue stream.

The FDA backed a Novartis drug for treating chronic obstructive pulmonary
disease.

Trustee Irving Picard said he aims to recover more than $50 billion to
distribute to victims of Bernard Madoff's Ponzi scheme. Payouts could begin this
year.

Renault said the company now has doubts about charges of corporate espionage
that led to the firing of three managers.

A lupus drug from Humane Genome Sciences and Glaxo won FDA approval.

Exxon said it would focus new production efforts in the next five years on oil,
as others look to natural gas.

Deals

LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton to take controlling stake in Bulgari, Italian
maker of jewelry, watches valued at $3.22 billion. Another acquisition by the
French group as the luxury market rebounds.

Western Digital to buy Hitachi's disk-drive business in a $4.3 billion cash and
stock deal that will create a dominate supplier of computer hard drives.

Sprint Nextel is again discussing joining its business with T-Mobile as both
companies struggle to keep customers from defecting to rivals.

International Lease Finance Corp. ordered 133 planes from Airbus and Boeing -
its first since parent company AIG's crisis.

Rovio Mobile, the Finnish maker of Angry Birds, raised $42 million from
investors including Facebook, Groupon and Skype.

Earnings

Applied Materials, the world's largest semiconductor producer, reported
first-quarter revenue grew 45 percent to $2.69 billion.

Ciena posted a first-quarter loss of $79.03 million; forecast second-quarter
revenue below analyst expectations.

Barclays CEO Robert Diamond earned a $10.58 million bonus, making him the
top-paid banking executive in Britain.

Economy

China's leadership, with an eye to Mideast uprisings, vows to boost incomes and
halt inflation. Beijing said consumer prices climbed 4.9 percent in February for
a year earlier. It reported its first trade deficit in 11 months, as growth in
exports dropped off.

Fed awaits stronger evidence of recovery before considering a drawdown of
stimulus efforts.

European officials were poised to allow regulators in individual nations use
their own definition of a capital ratio known as Tier 1 - an important gauge of
bank health - in upcoming stress tests.

The U.S. trade deficit grew in January, even though exports increased to a
record level; imports rose 5.2 percent.

Municipal bond issuance is on pace for its slowest quarter in more than a decade
after a heavy run of borrowing late last year.

The Pennsylvania governor's budget would cut spending by 3 percent and sharply
reduce money for universities.

Washington

House members leaving office used remaining official expenses funds to pay
bonuses to aides.

States' attorneys general pressed banks to address charges that mortgage firms
violated laws in processing foreclosures.

Wisconsin Republicans senators outmaneuvered Democrats to pass a bill stripping
public employees' unions of collective-bargaining rights.

Transitions

Warner Bros. fired Charlie Sheen, star of "Two and a Half Men," charging that
the actor had committed felony offenses involving "moral turpitude." The fate of
the show remained unclear. Sheen sued, seeking $100 million plus damages.

GM finance chief Chris Liddell is leaving the post after just 14 months.

- Fromnews services and staff reports

$13.4 trillionU.S. household debt

The burden of debt on families, including mortgages and credit cards, fell in
2010 to 116 percent of disposable income, the Federal Reserve reported. The debt
burden peaked at 130 percent in 2007. Average household net worth climbed in
2010 5.1 percent to $505,000 - well below a peak of $595,000 in 2007 before the
housing crash.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             268 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 27, 2011 Sunday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Airport board's rifts widen in divisive talks over leader

BYLINE: Ann E. Marimow

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1913 words


The authority that oversees two of the Washington area's main airports and a
multibillion-dollar project to extend Metrorail to Dulles International has
become bitterly divided over who its next chief executive ought to be.

At stake are the operations of Dulles and Reagan National airports, the Dulles
Toll Road and management of the massive rail project, which already has been
criticized for spiraling cost estimates.

The leading candidate has had an impressive rise in the transit industry.
However, critics question his ability to manage money because of personal
financial problems, while at least one supporter alleges that racism against the
African American man motivates some of the opposition.

Nathaniel P. Ford Sr. started out as a train conductor in New York City. He
became a top transit executive in Atlanta and San Francisco, where he is chief
of the Municipal Transportation Agency.

By all accounts, he's a charming, charismatic figure.

But for the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority, he's also become a
divisive one, exposing rifts on the board over what type of leader should hold a
role so critical to the region's economy.

Questions were raised about Ford's financial judgment after board members
learned that he owes back taxes, according to sources close to the search who
would talk only on the condition of anonymity. Other concerns have centered on
his use of corporate credit cards and a lavish party he threw for the transit
authority in Atlanta.

Sources said board members are also dissastisfied that they did not learn of
these issues until after Ford's initial interview. Some blame Ford for not
volunteering the information; others blame the board's search firm for not
flagging it sooner. The search firm, Maryland-based Krauthamer & Associates, did
not return messages seeking comment Friday.

Ford's candidacy has been further muddied by the narrow split among board
members. In an informal poll, seven voted for him and six against. One vote in
favor came from a member who has attended only one meeting in two years; his
most recent absence was because he is stuck in a hotel in Ivory Coast because of
post-election political unrest.

In response to concerns about Ford's candidacy and the selection process, Rep.
Frank R. Wolf (R-Va.) last week asked the Government Accountability Office to
review the operations of the authority and its oversight of the rail project
that Wolf helped revive in 2008, after it appeared that federal assistance would
not come through.

The authority has had to answer questions from federal transit officials about
the cost and management of the 23-mile Metrorail extension, now projected to
cost as much as $6.6 billion. Wolf said that whoever runs the authority "ought
to be a person with honesty and integrity, who has the capability to build the
rail on time and on budget - and to operate two airports that are the lifeblood
of this region."

In an interview with The Washington Post, Ford said he should be judged on his
overall professional track record.

"All of my projects come in on schedule, within their budget," he said, pointing
to a project to extend light rail in San Francisco. "On a professional level,
there's never been a question of my financial acumen or ability."

Experienced candidate

The airports authority is an enormous operation, a self-supporting entity with
1,400 employees and a $1.9 billion budget. The search for a new leader began
last spring after chief executive James E. Bennett announced that he would
retire after 14 years. He has been replaced temporarily by E. Lynn Hampton, the
chief financial officer since 1989, who intends to retire after a new executive
is named.

The 13-member board is a regional affair, with appointments from the president
and the governments of Virginia, Maryland and the District. Board chairman
Charles D. Snelling, a federal appointee from Pennsylvania, and his colleagues
contacted by The Post said the selection process was intended to be a
confidential personnel matter.

According to sources close to the search, the board's preliminary vote allowed
it to move ahead informally last week, offering Ford a salary of $375,000 - a
figure that would make Ford one of the highest-paid airport executives in the
nation. Bennett, who retired last spring, was paid $332,750, and some on the
board consider Ford's offer too high, while others view it as necessary to
attract top-flight talent.

The board's monthly meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, and supporters are
pressing to take a formal vote then.

Those who support Ford, 49, are attracted to his personal story and resume. He
earned a bachelor's degree from Mercer University in 2005, after ascending to
the top job in Atlanta's transit agency. Supporters point to his deep experience
managing diverse transit systems with buses, rail, complex finances and
construction projects. Rail experience, they say, will be critical in managing
the high-stakes Metro project. His qualifications, they say, outweigh concerns
about personal financial troubles that he is working to address.

Those who oppose Ford question his financial judgment and character, saying he
was not immediately upfront about taxes owed to the Internal Revenue Service.
Ford interviewed for Metro's top job last year but was not selected as one of
the three finalists. D.C. government officials thought he was a strong candidate
to lead the city's transportation department but decided that his services would
be too expensive.

Ford made a favorable impression on airports authority board members during his
first interview. But after the interview, new information emerged from a more
extensive background check. Records show at least $75,000 in liens filed against
Ford by the IRS and the state of California last year for unpaid taxes.

During his 2000-2005 tenure as general manager at the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid
Transit Authority, Ford was also criticized by some state legislators and
members of his board for using a corporate credit card for personal expenses
that he later reimbursed, including for cigar humidors at Chops restaurant. He
also took flak for routinely dining at high-end steakhouses and for hosting an
$84,000 holiday party for MARTA, according to reports in the Atlanta Business
Chronicle.

"If we'd had all this stuff before the first interview, I don't think he would
have come back for a second interview. He snowed us," said a source close to the
search.

When objections were raised about Ford, racial tensions emerged, according to
sources, with one of three African American board members accusing the members
opposed to Ford of being racist. Opponents said it was not a question of race,
but one of character and competence.

Bill Moseley, who served as chairman of the Atlanta agency board during Ford's
tenure, called him a hands-on leader who helped professionalize the agency. Ford
dined at steakhouses like Morton's, Moseley said, because the "leaders and
people he was trying to influence were there. That's where he needed to be."

No 'improper payments'

Moseley said that criticism of Ford was largely the result of newly elected
Republican lawmakers looking for an easy political target and that the holiday
party was intended to boost morale among employees after a period of layoffs.

Ford reimbursed the agency for $10,804 in personal charges during his five
years, and later paid an additional $1,000 for charges identified as personal by
an internal audit. The transit authority's review found "no illegal or improper
payments" to Ford, according to documents.

At San Francisco's Municipal Transportation Agency, Ford is one of the city's
highest-paid public officials, earning $309,000, according to his spokesman. His
personal financial troubles began, Ford said, when he agreed to defer annual
raises and bonuses because of the city's budget woes.

With two children in college, Ford said he cashed in some retirement funds to
help cover tuition. The early-withdrawal penalties "created a larger tax burden
for my family than we expected," he said. For a time, Ford said he also had
trouble renting out the home he still owns in Georgia.

"This current economic climate has had negative impacts on everyone," Ford said.

The state of California lien of $11,939 has been resolved, Ford said, and "we've
been working for over a year and a half to try to work out a satisfactory
arrangement with the IRS."

Ford would be paid $70,000 in deferred compensation from his contract at the
time of his departure, according to his spokesman.

Ford's financial problems were no secret to Tom Nolan, the chairman of the board
that oversees the San Francisco agency, but he considered them personal. Nolan
and San Francisco Supervisor Sean Elsbernd praised Ford for navigating the
city's politics, budget troubles and for his stewardship of the final stages of
a light-rail extension and the early stages of a $1.6 billion Central Subway
project that includes 1.3 miles of underground rail.

"He's been criticized for his high salary, but in my mind he's worth every penny
of it," Nolan said. "If in fact he goes to Washington, we're going to have to
get someone almost just like him."

Tom Radulovich, who runs a transportation advocacy group and is a member of the
board of the Bay Area Rapid Transit District, said Ford may be eager to move on.
Because of a lack of political support, Ford was largely constrained from
improving what Radulovich's group, Liveable City, considers the poorly planned
Central Subway project.

"If projects are off to a strong start, he'll hopefully keep them moving. But if
there are flaws in the planning or execution, his tendency is to want to please
his bosses and deliver good news," Radulovich said.

A close vote

After months of reviewing more than 100 applications, the airports authority
board narrowed the field of candidates to 10, and then four finalists. When it
came time for the board to take the informal vote that would allow the panel to
extend a tentative offer, four members cast their ballots through a proxy. Only
one, Mamadi Diane, had not participated in interviewing candidates, according to
sources, although he received background materials by e-mail.

Diane, who was first appointed by former D.C. mayor Anthony Williams, travels
overseas often for his international trade business and has attended just one
meeting since 2009, according to board records. Former mayor Adrian M. Fenty
tried to replace Diane, whose term expired in January 2009, and another board
member, former D.C. Council member H.R. Crawford. But Fenty's efforts got caught
up in political wrangling with the council.

Mayor Vincent C. Gray, the former council chairman, has nominated a replacement
for Diane.

Diane said in an e-mail Saturday that he is confined to a hotel in Ivory Coast
and is unable to leave because of resistance to seating a new president whom
Diane supports. It was uncertain whether Diane would be able to return home in
time for a formal vote, which requires members to cast ballots in person.

Rep. Gerald E. Connolly (D-Va.), who has not been involved in the selection
process but helped obtain federal funding for the Dulles rail project, said he
was most troubled by the preliminary vote.

"If there is a leading candidate based on the support of an absentee member who
attended just one meeting in years, boy, that would be of concern to me. I don't
think that's a confidence-building measure."

marimowa@washpost.com

Staff researcher Jennifer Jenkins contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             269 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 24, 2011 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Businessman was antithesis of the 'no-touch' car collector

BYLINE: Frederick N. Rasmussen

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 514 words


C. Gordon Kirwan Jr., 84, a retired businessman who enjoyed restoring and
driving vintage automobiles and became an authority on early Fords, died of
cancer Feb. 8 at the Lisner-Louise-Dickson-Hurt Home, a nursing home in
Washington.

He lived on a farm near the Howard County community of Woodbine.

Mr. Kirwan found his first car, a Brewster green 1910 Model T two-door touring
car, in a Milton, Del., barn. He fully and accurately restored it to its
original splendor in a three-car garage and restoration facility that he had
erected on his farm.

His restoration work earned him the Henry Ford II Trophy that was presented by
Ford Motor Co. in 1973.

Mr. Kirwan went on to restore a 1910 Peerless Model 27, a 1909 Packard, a 1911
blue Ford Roadster Torpedo and several American LaFrance fire engines, including
one dating to 1917.

In the late 1980s, Mr. Kirwan began restoring 1965-era convertible Ford
Mustangs, one of which was purchased by a collector in Australia.

The antithesis of the "no touch" fussy car collector, Mr. Kirwan believed that
his cars should be seen, enjoyed and driven.

Family members said Mr. Kirwan, who doted on his cars and considered them his
"fourth daughter," enjoyed driving to vintage auto rallies.

When Mr. Kirwan and his wife went "automobiling," they dressed in vintage
dusters and goggles that would have been worn by a motorist of that era.

He toured with Glidden Auto Tours and was a founding member of the Friends of
Ancient Road Transportation Society, which also crisscrossed the country on
vintage motor-car tours.

The couple traveled from Maine to Key West, Fla., and made several
transcontinental trips. In 1985, they were invited by Rover cars of Coventry,
England, to help celebrate the brand's 100th anniversary. They shipped one of
their cars overseas and began touring England, Scotland and Wales.

Carl Gordon Kirwan Jr. was born in Baltimore and attended the University of
Maryland. He was an Army Air Forces veteran of World War II.

He worked for the Baltimore Convention Bureau and U.S. Industrial Chemicals Co.
before moving in 1960 to Intercoastal Paint Co., where he was a marine
specialist.

In 1972, he established Adhesive and Coating Associates in Woodbine, which
specialized in manufacturing marine and industrial paints and adhesives. He
retired and closed the business in 2000.

In 1952, he married Mary Agnes Vaeth. The couple, avid collectors of timbers,
architectural woodwork, mantels, floors and bricks salvaged from torn-down
buildings, incorporated the material into Square Woods, the Woodbine home and
horse farm they had constructed in 1972.

The modeled their home on a historic property in the tidewater region of
Maryland.

Mr. Kirwan, who enjoyed fox hunting on his horse, Jacob Beck, named after a
Revolutionary War ancestor, was a member of the Howard County Iron Bridge Hounds
and the Goshen Hounds Hunt Club.

In addition to his wife, survivors include three daughters, Carol Schwartz of
Santa Fe, N.M., Barbara Clifton of Manchester, Md., and Jennifer Casasco of
Washington; two sisters; and seven grandchildren.

- Baltimore Sun

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             270 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 7, 2011 Monday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Ford sales rise 27 percent in January, production to increase

BYLINE: Tom Krisher

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 393 words


SAN FRANCISCO - Ford Motor Co. will increase factory production 13 percent in
the first quarter because of higher demand for Ford and Lincoln brand cars and
trucks, and further increases are likely through the year, company executives
said Sunday.

The Dearborn, Mich., automaker said its sales to individual buyers rose 27
percent in January, a strong increase that shows demand for Ford products -
including the Explorer sport-utility vehicle - is on the rise. Ford's overall
sales, including those to big fleet buyers such as rental car companies, rose 9
percent last month.

"We're trying to catch up to just the customer demand," Jim Farley, Ford's
global marketing chief, told reporters at the National Automobile Dealers
Association conference in San Francisco.

The first-quarter increase, to 555,000 vehicles, could mean more jobs. U.S.
sales chief Ken Czubay said Ford is studying whether to add a third shift to
factories that now are on two shifts and working overtime. The company also
could add production by raising the  assembly line speed or by paying workers
more overtime.

Czubay said demand for the revamped Explorer and other models has been so high
that the company has only a "single-digit" days' supply of the model on dealer
lots. Automakers like to have about 60 days' worth of a product so customers
have adequate selection.

Ford's Chicago plant is most likely to add more employees or pay the current
workforce more overtime because it builds the new Explorer. It is based on a car
chassis, gets better mileage than the old Explorer and arrived at dealers late
last year.

Ford already has announced plans to hire more than 7,000 workers in the next two
years, including engineers and factory workers.

But those jobs will be to build new models such as the revamped Ford Escape
midsize SUV.

The executives also promised six new or updated models for the Lincoln brand
during the next three years as they try to revive its sales. Dealers who
attended a meeting Sunday with Farley and Czubay said no specifics were given on
the models. Ford has phased out its Mercury brand, leaving some dealers with
only Lincoln. Lincoln sales rose 3.6 percent last year but lagged the overall
U.S. auto market, which was up 11 percent, according to Autodata Corp. In
January, Lincoln sales fell 21 percent compared with the same month of 2010.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             271 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 30, 2011 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Egypt's unrest resonates in U.S. markets

SECTION: Pg. G07

LENGTH: 245 words


U.S. stocks slid, preventing the longest stretch of weekly gains for the Dow
Jones industrial average since 1995, as unrest in Egypt triggered the biggest
one-day drop since November and overshadowed higher-than-projected earnings at
companies from Intel to DuPont.

Ford Motor and Amazon.com lost more than 3.5 percent for the week after their
earnings and forecast, respectively, missed estimates. American Express, Bank of
America  and Johnson & Johnson posted weekly losses exceeding 4.2 percent after
protestors in Egypt challenged Hosni Mubarak's 29-year presidency.

The Dow lost 48.14 points, or 0.4 percent, to 11,823.70 last week, after rising
above 12,000 for the first time since 2008 during three trading sessions. The
Standard & Poor's 500 Index decreased 0.6 percent to 1,276.34.

"This is a healthy trade," said Joe "JJ" Kinahan, the chief derivatives
strategist at Omaha-based TD Ameritrade Holding. "A market that goes straight up
is not necessarily a healthy market, but one that bounces its way up usually can
lead to longer-term gains."

The S&P 500 has surged 22 percent since Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke
said Aug. 27 that he was prepared to take action to help the economy. The Fed
last week maintained its plan to buy $600 billion in Treasuries to stimulate
growth.

The Treasury will sell $32 billion in three-month and $30 billion in six-month
bills Monday. They yielded 0.145 percent and 0.167 percent in when-issued
trading.

- Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             272 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 29, 2011 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

FCC seeks dismissal of net-neutrality lawsuits

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 631 words


The Federal Communications Commission asked a federal court Friday to dismiss
recent lawsuits brought by Verizon Communications and MetroPCS to overturn the
agency's Internet access rules.

In a statement, a senior FCC official said that the companies did not follow
procedural guidelines and filed their suits in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit too early.

Verizon Communications and MetroPCS sued the FCC this month seeking to overturn
a December order barring Internet service providers from blocking or
prioritizing content on their networks. The companies filed their suits in the
same appeals court that told the agency in April that it had overstepped its
authority to regulate broadband when it sanctioned Comcast for blocking a
file-sharing service.

Typically, a legal challenge to an FCC order occurs after the order is published
in the Federal Register. The net-neutrality rules have not been published, but
Verizon and MetroPCS said in their suits that an FCC exception allows for
challenges to be filed early when specific parties are affected.

Verizon also said a statutory provision allows the D.C. Circuit exclusive
jurisdiction over certain appeals, including when a party challenges an FCC
decision modifying the party's licenses. In its appeal, Verizon said the FCC had
modified the company's licenses, giving the D.C. Circuit exclusive jurisdiction,
analysts said.

Ford Motor, the second-largest U.S. automaker, said fourth-quarter profit fell
79 percent, as its European unit had an unexpected loss and new models drove up
costs. Ford's shares plunged the most in more than 20 months.

Net income fell to $190 million, or 5 cents a share, from $886 million, or 25
cents, a year earlier, Dearborn, Mich.-based Ford said Friday in a statement.
Profit excluding some items was 30 cents a share, trailing the 48-cent average
estimate of 14 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg.

Ford's European operations reported a $51 million pretax loss, contrary to the
company's expectations, after a $253 million profit a year earlier. The
automaker's European sales in December dropped 23 percent as other manufacturers
offered rebates to lure buyers.

The debut of redesigned versions of its Focus small car and Explorer
sport-utility vehicle increased manufacturing, engineering and advertising
costs, the company said.

Ford shares fell $2.52, or 13.4 percent, to $16.27, the biggest decline since
May 2009. Ford stock climbed 68 percent in 2010.

l  Scrushy verdict upheld: The Alabama Supreme Court upheld a $2.9 billion
judgment against imprisoned HealthSouth founder Richard Scrushy on Friday,
rejecting claims that he shouldn't have to pay for the fraud that nearly wrecked
the rehabilitation company.

The decision means shareholder attorneys can continue trying to locate and
collect the remains of Scrushy's once-vast estate.

Scrushy was acquitted on criminal charges in the HealthSouth fraud in 2005, but
he and former Alabama governor Don Siegelman were convicted in a separate
bribery scheme the next year. Scrushy is serving a nearly seven-year sentence in
a federal prison in Texas.

A Jefferson County judge ruled in a civil suit in 2009, when Scrushy was behind
bars, that he was the "CEO of the fraud" at HealthSouth and ordered him to pay
$2.9 billion in compensatory damages, one of the largest verdicts in Alabama
history.

l  Rising oil prices lift Chevron results: Chevron said its fourth-quarter
profit jumped 72 percent to $5.3 billion, as rising fuel demand lifted oil
prices and produced a sharp turnaround in its refinery business.

Revenue climbed 11 percent to $54.03 billion.

The company's refining and marketing business earned $742 million in the
quarter, compared with a loss of more than $600 million in the corresponding
period a year earlier.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             273 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 16, 2011 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Prince William County school notes Prince William County school notes

BYLINE: -Compiled by Mari-Jane Williams

SECTION: Pg. T02

LENGTH: 571 words


Sinclaire and Connor Jones, a sister and brother from Pennington Traditional
School, have been named winners in the "Freedom's Sisters" essay contest held by
the Reginald F. Lewis Museum in Baltimore and Ford Motor.

Sixth-grader Sinclaire finished second and won a $2,500 U.S. savings bond for
her essay about Rosa Parks, "Holding My Ground." Seventh-grader Connor was a
runner-up and won a $500 savings bond for his essay about Septima Poinsette
Clark, "Knowledge Is the Key to Life."

The Jones family has been invited to attend the museum's Martin Luther King Jr.
program Monday. Sinclaire will recite her essay during the program, which will
include a presentation and a reception at the museum.

Freedom's Sisters is an interactive exhibit showcasing 20 African American
women, from key 19th-century historical figures to contemporary leaders. The
essay contest was open to fourth- through eighth-grade students who visited the
exhibit and answered the questions: "Who is your favorite Freedom Sister and
why? What are you doing to continue her legacy?"

Ford awarded U.S. savings bonds to winning entries.

Prince William County school officials will hold a town hall-style meeting on
financial aid from 7 to 9 p.m. Thursday at Freedom High School, 15201 Neabsco
Mills Rd. in Woodbridge.

A panel of experts will provide information, in English and Spanish, on
navigating the college application and financial aid processes.

School staff members will aid 50 applicants with their Free Application for
Federal Student Aid; those interested should e-mail their name and address to
fafsa@pwcs.edu to reserve a spot.

To assist students with disabilities and their families in planning for life
after school, the Prince William/Manassas/Manassas Park Transition Council will
host a transition fair from 12:30 to 4 p.m. March 5 at the Edward L. Kelly
Leadership Center, 14715 Bristow Rd., Manassas.

The transition fair offers students and parents the opportunity to meet with
agencies that provide support services to youths and adults with disabilities.

Students and parents will also be able to attend information sessions on
transition planning, Medicaid, Social Security, college disability support
services, financial aid, estate planning, guardianship, career planning and
supported employment.

The fair will focus on students who receive special education services through
Prince William County, Manassas or Manassas Park public schools.

For information about the fair, contact Deana Holinka, administrative
coordinator of transition services for Prince William schools, at 703-791-8319
or holinkdl@pwcs.edu. To register, call 703-791-8354 or e-mail
holinkdl@pwcs.edu.

Area students will compete in the 21st annual Martin Luther King Jr. Youth
Oratorical Contest on Monday at Hylton Memorial Chapel, 14640 Potomac Mills Rd.,
Dale City. The event will begin at 11 a.m.

Twenty-seven student orators (16 middle school and 11 high school) will
represent schools in Prince William County, Manassas and Manassas Park. The
students competed Jan. 6 for the opportunity to speak.

The Martin Luther King Jr. Community Choir will also perform. The Martin Luther
King Jr. Celebration is sponsored by the Prince William County Alumnae Chapter
of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority and the Delta Education and Public Service
Foundation of Prince William County.

For information, visit                 www.pwcacdst.org             .

- Compiled by Mari-Jane Williams

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Prince William County

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             274 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       January 7, 2011 Friday 4:58 PM EST

Faster Forward: Ford announces Ford Focus Electric

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama

LENGTH: 128 words



HIGHLIGHT: Ford has formally announced its Ford Focus Electric and has promised
five Ford electrics in the United States by 2012.


Ford has formally announced its Ford Focus Electric and has promised five Ford
electrics in the United States by 2012.

The company will be partnering with Best Buy and the Geek Squad for installation
and servicing, and introducing a two-part charging unit with a wall bracket that
can be easily removed for replacement and service.

The company didn't give any official specs on range during the press conference,
but it did say the car will charge fully in three hours. A tweet from Scott
Monty, the head of social media at Ford, said that the company is shooting for a
range of 100 miles.

Ford also talked up the MyFordTouch app in its press conference, which can
monitor the charge of the car, control the car from a phone and survey a
driver's overall driving habits.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2011 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             275 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 19, 2010 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

D.C. area news briefs D.C. area news briefs

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 1066 words


Hyattsville and Prince George's County authorities are investigating a fatal
hit-and-run that occurred about 2:21 a.m. Saturday in the 5000 block of 38th
Avenue in Hyattsville.

The victim was identified as Wilber Ramirez, 18, of the 8200 block of Flower
Avenue in Takoma Park. Police responding to a report of a pedestrian being hit
found him lying unconscious in the road, authorities said. Prince George's fire
and emergency-medical officials pronounced Ramirez dead at the scene.

Police said a preliminary investigation determined that Ramirez was trying to
cross 38th Avenue  and was struck by a southbound vehicle. The vehicle continued
on its way without stopping, police said.

Police ask anyone with information on the incident to call 301-731-4422 or
1-866-411-TIPS.

A Gaithersburg man was charged with two counts of assault in connection with a
road-rage incident Saturday after he allegedly waved an unloaded shotgun at
another driver on Interstate 270, Montgomery County police said.

Police charged Scott Clayton Ford, 33, of the unit block of Brighton Drive in
Gaithersburg with one count of second-degree assault and one count of attempted
first-degree assault. Ford allegedly waved the shotgun out the driver's-side
window of his sport-utility vehicle during a moving altercation with another
driver.

Cpl. Dan Friz, a police spokesman, said that Ford was behind the other driver on
I-270 near the I-370 interchange and that the other driver would not speed up or
move to another lane. Ford allegedly honked his horn and flashed his high beams
at the other driver.

Then Ford sped off and was followed by the other motorist, Fritz said. The other
driver reported that Ford waved the shotgun out the window, and a passenger in
the second vehicle alleged that Ford pointed the gun at them, according to
police. Ford pulled over on I-270 near the Old Georgetown Road exit, police
said.

During the incident, Friz said, both drivers were on the phone with authorities.
Police are investigating.

A request from Prince George's County for $139 million more in state education
aid than was budgeted this year brought a rebuke Friday from the administration
of Gov. Martin O'Malley (D).

"Your proposal . . . suggests that you believe that the governor's winning
reelection is the equivalent to winning the lottery," T. Eloise Foster,
O'Malley's budget secretary, wrote in a letter to Prince George's Schools
Superintendent William R. Hite Jr. "Like the moms and dads who live in Maryland,
government must learn to live within constrained budgets. I would suggest that
you look to streamline administrative and non-classroom functions."

O'Malley is preparing a fiscal 2012 budget proposal that seeks to close a
shortfall of more than $1.2 billion. Aides have suggested that no programs are
likely to be exempt from budget cuts, including education.

The county school system's request for additional state aid is intended largely
to offset the disappearance of federal stimulus money, which has propped up
state and local spending on education and other programs for the past two years.

In response to angry snowbound residents who were befuddled by county
information on neighborhood plowing last year, Montgomery County Executive Isiah
Leggett (D) called on his staff to come up with something better.

Now, just in time for this winter's storms, Montgomery officials are touting a
new  tool for residents, montgomerycountymd.gov/SnowMap.

A searchable, color-coded map will have progress reports on plowing and links to
feeds from 200 traffic cameras. The system also will accept reports on missed
streets and damaged mailboxes.

Because the state is responsible for roads such as Georgia Avenue and Rockville
Pike, the system will also link to information from the Maryland State Highway
Administration.

A  North Brentwood homicide is under investigation after officers were called to
a home in the 4500 block of Banner Street about 10:50 p.m. Friday  and
discovered a man with a gunshot wound to his upper body, Prince George's County
police said.

Authorities identified the victim as Ronald Christian Heskee, 33, of the same
address. Heskee was pronounced dead at the scene.

Detectives investigating the fatal shooting had no additional information,
police said.

A 25-year-old Bowie man was killed Saturday morning after he lost control of the
vehicle he was driving.

Prince George's County police identified the man as Michael Nell Casey of the
13500 block of Ivy Way. Police said Casey was westbound in the 7000 block of
Racetrack Road in Bowie about 2:10 a.m. when the 2005 Dodge SRT struck a curb,
overturned and struck a tree.

Casey was taken to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead.

A female passenger in the vehicle was taken to a hospital with injuries that did
not appear life-threatening, authorities said.

Police said they were trying to determine whether speed or road conditions
contributed to the accident.

In November 2009, a free midday shuttle service began carrying people among the
office buildings and shopping malls in Tysons Corner.

The Tysons Connector was part of a long-term plan to improve bus service in the
business center and, eventually, to serve the four Metrorail stations being
built there.

But the Tysons Connector just didn't catch on.

The bus service will stop running Dec. 30 because of low ridership, officials
said.

Sharon Bulova (D), chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, said
that although the intentions were good, the shuttle was not a convenient way to
get around.

"I think, first of all, there was no time savings for people," she said. "They
didn't have to get into their car, but, on the other hand, they were still
caught in the traffic."

Bulova said the end of the Tysons Connector will not affect the shuttle bus
system the county plans to launch once the Metrorail stations open.

The bus service was funded by the Dulles Corridor Metrorail Project and operated
by Fairfax County.

The Tysons Connector will continue to operate at 10-minute intervals from 10
a.m. to 2:30 p.m. weekdays through Dec. 30.

Riders can still get around Tysons Corner using the following Metrobus or
Fairfax Connector routes:

Tysons West*Park transit station:

Metro routes: 2T, 3T, 5A, 23A, 24T, 28T.

Fairfax Connector routes: 401, 402, 425, 427, 574.

Tysons Corner transit station:

Metro routes: 2T, 3T, 15K, 15L, 15M, 23A, 28A, 28T, 28X.

Fairfax Connector routes: 401, 402.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             276 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 13, 2010 Monday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Snow deflates Metrodome roof

BYLINE: Mark Maske

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 493 words


The inflatable roof of the Metrodome was damaged on Sunday by a snowstorm in the
Minneapolis area. Snow spilled onto the field inside the building, and Monday
night's game between the New York Giants and Minnesota Vikings was moved to
Detroit.

The game is to be played at 7:20 p.m. ET on Monday at Ford Field.

A winter storm covered the Twin Cities with more than a foot of snow. The
Metrodome roof is torn as well as deflated, and Fox television footage showed
snow and water falling onto the field when the roof gave way.

The Giants and Vikings had originally been scheduled to play at 1 p.m. on
Sunday. Before there were problems with the roof, the game was postponed to
Monday at 8 p.m. ET at the Metrodome because of the snowstorm.

Greg Aiello, the NFL's senior vice president of public relations, confirmed the
game's new site and starting time on Twitter.

The game is to be televised by Fox in the New York and Minneapolis markets, the
Vikings announced. It also will be available to subscribers of DirecTV's "Sunday
Ticket" package, according to the Vikings' announcement.

The regularly scheduled Monday night game, between the Baltimore Ravens and
Houston Texans, is scheduled for 8:30 p.m. ET and is to be televised nationally
by ESPN.

The Vikings announced that general admission tickets to the game will be free
and will be distributed at the Ford Field box office beginning at 9 a.m. ET
Monday. Any ticket holders for the game at the Metrodome will be given
"preferred seating along the 50-yard line" at Ford Field, the Vikings announced,
adding that refunds will be given to all original ticket holders.

NFL officials also gave consideration to playing the game outdoors at the
University of Minnesota.

New Orleans Saints owner Tom Benson offered to hold the game at the Louisiana
Superdome. Giants co-owner John Mara said on a conference call with reporters
that he proposed playing the game at New Meadowlands Stadium in New Jersey but
that offer was not well received. The NFL was criticized by some observers when
it moved the Saints' home opener against the Giants to the Meadowlands after the
Superdome was damaged by Hurricane Katrina in 2005.

The NFL announced Saturday that the game was being rescheduled for Monday night
at the Metrodome. The NFL, in Saturday's announcement, cited the severe weather
conditions and said Metrodome officials had recommended the postponement.

The Giants left the New York area early on Saturday to beat the bad weather, but
were unable to reach the Twin Cities. Their flight landed in Kansas City, and
the team remained  there overnight. The Giants had plans to travel Sunday
morning to Minnesota.

Vikings quarterback Brett Favre told ESPN that he would not have been able to
play if the game had been played Sunday as originally scheduled. Favre has a
sprained right shoulder. He was listed as questionable on the official injury
report and his playing status was to be a game-time decision Sunday.

maskem@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             277 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 10, 2010 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Some unions say trade pact with South Korea will cost U.S. jobs

BYLINE: Howard Schneider

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 570 words


The proposed U.S.-South Korea free-trade deal drew fire from major unions
Thursday, disrupting the Obama administration's hope for building a broad
consensus behind its first free-trade pact.

The AFL-CIO, the United Steelworkers, the International Association of
Machinists and the Communications Workers of America all said they would oppose
the deal when it comes before Congress next year, arguing that it will drain
U.S. manufacturing jobs and does not include worker and other protections unions
had hoped President Obama would demand.

The South Korea deal was originally negotiated by George W. Bush's
administration. While the Obama team won several concessions to help, in
particular, the automotive industry, the unions said Thursday that they had
expected a broader rewriting of the agreement.

"We do not need to inflict further damage to our manufacturing sector and the
lives and livelihoods of our workers to prove the strength of our alliance" with
South Korea, the United Steelworkers said in a statement. "We have concluded
that, while improved, it still does not merit USW support, and we will oppose
its passage."

Labor opposition is not uniform: The United Auto Workers, which along with
automakers such as Ford Motor Co. was closely involved in the final negotiations
over the agreement, has endorsed it. And officials with the United Food and
Commercial Workers union have supported it for lowering agricultural tariffs and
probably boosting sales of U.S. meat and other foods.

White House officials said the fact that labor may be divided does not detract
from the fact that the agreement has garnered key endorsements.

The agreement with South Korea "grows the economy and supports jobs here at
home," said White House spokeswoman Amy Brundage. "The support of certain
unions, including the United Auto Workers, plus Ford Motor Company, Democrats
and Republicans, and a broad group of business leaders, has shown [the
president] made the right choice" in accepting the agreement.

The union opposition announced Thursday continues an unusual week for Obama in
which he has won praise from the business community for his tax and trade
positions while facing criticism from traditional supporters.

Boeing chief executive James McNerney Jr., who is chairing an Obama-appointed
export panel, said the South Korea agreement was a sign that the administration
was "stepping up" on trade despite the political risks at a time of high
unemployment and concern about the loss of manufacturing jobs overseas.

The South Korea deal "is not an easy putt politically" for the president,
McNerney said Thursday at a forum on U.S. exports at the American Enterprise
Institute.

Other trade agreements struck by the Bush administration, with Colombia and
Panama, are awaiting congressional ratification, and the administration is in
talks over a possible multilateral pact with several Pacific countries.

The South Korea agreement, however, could serve as a bellwether of trade
politics in the new Congress, with a Republican majority in the House, a
presidential campaign on the horizon and deep interest in supporting one of the
United States' main Asian allies.

The administration has focused its economic policy on doubling exports over the
next five years, and advocates such as McNerney, as well as outside analysts,
argue it may be hard to do without a major push to open markets with free-trade
deals.

schneiderh@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             278 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 10, 2010 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Hit-run victim recalled as walking 'everywhere'

BYLINE: Matt Zapotosky

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 355 words


The one thing Krystal Brown's neighbors knew about her was that she would walk
everywhere. So when the news broke Wednesday night that a woman in her 20s had
been killed by a hit-and-run driver in District Heights, they had a sneaking
suspicion they might know the victim.

"It's like when I seen it on the news, I just had a gut feeling, it was her,"
said Shaleka Ford, 27, a neighbor and childhood friend of Brown's. "They walk
everywhere they go."

Brown, 28, and a brother were struck by a car Wednesday as they were walking
home from the library, police said. They were taken to a nearby hospital, where
Brown died, Prince George's County police said. Her brother, 20, remained in
critical condition Thursday, police said. They did not identify him.

The incident occurred about 5:30 p.m. on Walker Mill Road at County Road, police
said. The car that struck Brown and her brother did not stop, and investigators
were looking for the car and the driver, police said. The car appeared to be a
gold 1990 Honda Accord.

Cpl. Larry Johnson, a police spokesman, said that some streetlights were out in
the area, creating dim conditions, but that it was unclear what caused the
incident or why the driver did not stop.

Ford  said Brown lived with her mother and two brothers in the 6800 block of
Walker Mill Road, about a half-mile from the incident. She said that the family
was very private but that the siblings were well known for walking. Another
neighbor said Brown and her brothers sometimes carried backpacks so full that
you would think they were going hiking.

Ford described Brown and her brothers as "real smart kids" and said Brown would
be sorely missed. She said she hoped that police would find the Accord's driver,
who had "no conscience."

"You know, you see a person one day, they're gone the next day," Ford said. "It
just shows, in reality, tomorrow's not promised to anyone."

Anyone with information about the incident is asked to call the Prince George's
police Collision Analysis and Reconstruction Unit at 301-731-4422. Police said
they think the car involved had significant front-end damage.

zapotoskym@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             279 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 7, 2010 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Officials hail talks that led to U.S.-Korea trade deal

BYLINE: Howard Schneider

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 468 words


The outlines of the Korea-U.S. trade deal announced last week were brokered in a
head-to-head meeting between President Obama and South Korean leader Lee
Myung-bak in Seoul early last month. There the leaders agreed to accommodate the
domestic political problems each faced over the agreement, according to a senior
administration official.

It was in that session, the official said, that Obama made clear to Lee that he
would not put the deal before Congress without substantial new concessions from
Korea for the U.S. auto industry. Such moves were needed, he thought, to help
boost U.S. carmakers and correct the impression that previous free-trade deals
"traded off manufacturing for other parts of the economy," the official said.

At the same time, said the official, who was not authorized to comment for the
record and spoke on the condition of anonymity, Obama said he recognized that it
would be tough for Lee to fully open the Korean market to U.S. beef exports,
given the scare over mad cow disease several years ago.

Even as the leaders left the meeting with the disappointing news that they would
not reach a deal in Seoul, they had the rough outlines of a compromise that came
together last week in Maryland after four days of talks.

Meeting at the Sheraton Columbia hotel, U.S. negotiators agreed to set the beef
issue aside for now, while delaying for at least five years any reduction in the
tariffs imposed on Korean auto imports into the United States. American
automakers were also given freer market access under Korean safety and
environmental regulations.

The talks were monitored closely by Obama, the official said, and other top
administration officials were also deeply involved in an agreement that the
White House hopes will begin building consensus on U.S. trade policy.

A pivotal session came Wednesday, when Ford Motor chief executive Alan Mulally
met with Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner and Lawrence H. Summers,
outgoing head of the National Economic Council, and concurred on a revised
tariff schedule that the Korean side later accepted.

Ford had focused on the tariff issue, among other things, because of the large
amount of money that a cut in U.S. levies would provide Korean exporters such as
Hyundai, compared with the relative pittance it would provide Ford based on the
few thousand cars it sends to Korea. Hyundai ships hundreds of thousands of
vehicles to the United States each year.

The United Autoworkers union and key auto-state legislators in both parties also
have endorsed the final agreement.

"It has been a long time since a union supported a trade agreement," the
administration official said, adding that the White House is expecting a "big,
broad bipartisan vote" for the Korea agreement when it is put before Congress
next year.

schneiderh@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             280 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 5, 2010 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

Free trade with South Korea

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 393 words


FRIDAY'S DEAL between trade negotiators representing the Obama administration
and the government of South Korea was a long time in coming - but its arrival,
however late, is cause for celebration. The way is now clear for submission of
the long-delayed U.S.-Korea free-trade agreement to Congress and the National
Assembly in Seoul. This is good news for the U.S. and global economies, a boost
to the strategic alliance between this country and a democracy that lives in the
shadow of potential North Korean aggression - and last but not least an
opportunity to show that bipartisan policy success is still possible in
Washington.

President George W. Bush's trade negotiators inked a deal with Seoul way back in
2007. The tariff-slashing pact enjoyed the support of most U.S. economic
sectors. But the Democratic-controlled Congress never voted on it, mainly
because of objections from Ford Motor Co. and the United Auto Workers, which
feared further Korean penetration of the U.S. vehicle market. Echoing those
concerns, in 2008 presidential candidate Barack  Obama denounced the pact.  To
his credit, however, Mr. Obama shifted his position on trade with South Korea
this year and began pursuing a modified deal, in keeping with his effort to
boost U.S. exports.

In the end, the Koreans accepted two key modifications: more flexibility on
safety and environmental standards for U.S. cars coming into their country, and
a five-year delay in eliminating the 2.5 percent U.S. tariff on Korean cars,
which would have been axed immediately in the original deal. In economic terms,
neither change is hugely consequential to either side; fluctuations in exchange
rates would probably have more impact on car sales. But if this was the price of
moving the deal forward in the political realm, well and good.

All that's left for the Obama administration is to make sure the revised
agreement does, indeed, win approval in Congress - along with equally beneficial
pacts with Colombia and Panama. This could yet be a difficult fight, given
residual anti-trade sentiment in both parties. But it is a fight Mr. Obama is
well positioned to wage. The arguments against this deal, which could boost U.S.
exports by more than $10 billion per year and help dent an unemployment rate
that has reached 9.8 percent, were always weak. Now even those weak arguments
have been answered.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             281 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 25, 2010 Thursday
                                 Met 2 Edition

FDIC issues new rules on overdraft fees

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 698 words


The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. issued new rules Wednesday requiring banks
to warn customers who begin to accumulate hefty fees through an automated
overdraft program.

The rules, scheduled to become mandatory July 1, will impose daily limits on
overdraft fees and ensure that programs aren't structured to maximize fees for
banks.

Many people use overdraft programs multiple times within short periods, the FDIC
found in a study last year.

This short-term funding, designed for occasional use, can impose high fees for
customers who use them frequently, the FDIC said.

In August, in response to concerns about automated overdraft programs, the FDIC
proposed guidance for public comment on how banks should monitor and oversee
overdraft programs. The final guidance encourages banks to offer less costly
options.

The FDIC guidance follows overdraft rules imposed this year by the Federal
Reserve on banks it supervises.

Those rules prohibit lenders from automatically charging fees when there are
insufficient funds for electronic or debit transactions.

Ford Motor Co. said Wednesday that it is cutting its debt by $1.9 billion in a
bid to strengthen its balance sheet and return itself to investment-grade
rating.

In Ford's tender offer to reduce its automotive operations debt, holders of
about $2.55 billion of senior convertible notes due in 2016 and 2036 accepted
cash and company stock for debt. That reduces Ford's annual interest expense by
about $180 million.

Ford borrowed heavily in late 2006, allowing it to avoid the bankruptcies that
felled General Motors and Chrysler last year but leaving it with a heavy debt
load.

The automaker expects a solid profit in 2010 and has cut its automotive
operations debt by about $12.8 billion this year, reducing the annual interest
expense by nearly $1 billion. Ford also expects to be net cash positive in its
automotive operations - meaning it would have more cash than debt - by the end
of 2010. It would be the first time that this would have happened since the
second quarter of 2008.

Johnson & Johnson has recalled 9.3 million bottles of Tylenol cold treatments
because they don't disclose the medicine's alcohol content on the front label.

The recall affects three types of Tylenol liquid cold medicine sold in the
United States by the company's McNeil Consumer Healthcare unit, Johnson &
Johnson spokeswoman Bonnie Jacobs said Wednesday. Flavoring agents that contain
less than 1 percent alcohol are used in the formulations, and the alcohol
content was listed on the package rather than on the front of the bottle,
according to the company's Web site.

"No action is required by consumers or health-care providers, and consumers can
continue to use the product," the company said. The recalled products are
eight-ounce bottles of Tylenol Daytime Citrus Burst, Tylenol Severe Cool Burst
and Tylenol Nighttime Cool Burst.

l  PharmAthene takes Siga totrial: PharmAthene said Wednesday that a trial over
its breach-of-contract complaint against Siga Technologies Inc. will beginJan.
3.

â[#x20ac][#x192]PharmAthene said the Delaware Court of Chancery issued a ruling
denying in full Siga Technologies' motion for partial summary judgment in
PharmAthene's lawsuit against it.

â[#x20ac][#x192]In 2006, Siga, which focuses on infectious diseases, ended a
proposed merger with PharmAthene, which is developing treatments against
biological and chemical threats. Shares of Annapolis-based PharmAthene surged 60
cents, or 18.6 percent, to $3.83.

l  Deere returns to profitability: Deere & Co., the world's largest maker of
agricultural equipment, said Wednesday that it swung to a fiscal fourth-quarter
profit from a loss a year ago, citing improved conditions on U.S. farms but
weakness in construction equipment sales.

â[#x20ac][#x192]The company said it earned $457.2 million for the quarter ended
Oct. 31, compared with a loss of $222.8 million a year earlier.

â[#x20ac][#x192]Revenue rose 35 percent to $7.2 billion, largely because of
stronger equipment sales, especially in the United States and Canada, but that
increase was partially offset by higher raw-material costs.

â[#x20ac][#x192]For the full year, Deere earned $1.87 billion, up from $873.5
million a year ago.

â[#x20ac][#x192]Revenue rose 12.6 percent, to $26 billion.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             282 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 18, 2010 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

How not to make a deal

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A26

LENGTH: 529 words


FOR THOSE WHO believe, as we do, that free trade can help fight global recession
and prepare the U.S. economy for a new, more competitive future, President
Obama's trip to Asia was a disappointment. In particular, Mr. Obama's
negotiators were unable to agree with their South Korean counterparts on
revisions to a much-delayed U.S.-Korea free-trade pact, which Mr. Obama had
promised in June. Though both countries insisted the talks would continue, it's
anyone's guess when Congress and the Korean National Assembly will finally get
to vote on free trade between South Korea and the United States.

This setback has many authors, including Korean protectionists who stoked a
public overreaction to a long-ago outbreak of mad cow disease in the U.S. cattle
herd. But Mr. Obama and his fellow Democrats in Congress have the most to answer
for.

The Bush administration completed the U.S.-Korea free-trade deal in mid-2007.
The heart of the agreement is a three-year phaseout of tariffs on 95 percent of
all consumer and industrial products on both sides. The vast majority of U.S.
business sectors favor the deal, and it would help both economies to grow.
However, congressional Democrats blocked it, arguing it would cost American
jobs, and as a candidate for president in 2008,  Mr. Obama rejected the deal as
"badly flawed." In office, he dithered for months before finally declaring
himself in favor of moving forward with a revised treaty.

In opposing the deal during the campaign, Mr. Obama echoed claims by Ford and
the United Auto Workers. Under the agreement, South Korea and the United States
would end their respective tariffs on autos and light trucks; Korea additionally
pledged to reduce tax and regulatory obstacles to imports, and it accepted a
mechanism that could permit the United States to reimpose tariffs if Korea tried
to reestablish non-tariff barriers. Ford and the UAW say that isn't enough,
insisting on guarantees that Korea won't use environmental and safety standards
as a de facto bar to U.S. vehicles. In the most recent talks, Mr. Obama has been
trying to get the Koreans to meet him halfway on this point.

It's true, as Ford says, that, before the recession, Korean companies sold more
than 700,000 cars per year in the United States, about 100 times as many as U.S.
companies sold in Korea. But the U.S. market is 16 times larger than Korea's,
and about a third of Korean cars sold in the United States are built in U.S.
plants, not imported. Maybe what really worries Ford is not the lack of U.S.
access to the Korean market but the potential for increased Korean access to the
U.S. market.

The administration argues that its effort to revise the auto provisions is
simple political realism: Accommodating the U.S. auto industry is the price of
congressional approval. Perhaps. But the president brought this predicament on
himself by campaigning against the agreement and then trying to pivot,
belatedly, in a different direction. Under the circumstances, we can understand
why Seoul is not inclined to cut Mr. Obama too much slack. A deal's a deal -
and, in this case, a good deal for the vast majority of businesses and workers
in both countries.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             283 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 14, 2010 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

To arrive in Michigan's Henry Ford museum, Lincoln's fateful chair took
circuitous journey

BYLINE: John Kelly;JOHN KELLY;JOHN KELLY

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 725 words


by John Kelly

Washington Post Staff Writer

Igrew up in Dearborn, Mich., home of the Henry Ford museum and Greenfield
Village. Every time I visit the museum, I can't help but notice that one of the
main attractions is the chair in which Abraham Lincoln was sitting that fateful
night. I know money talks in a lot of circles, but can you tell me how a
treasure like that escaped from D.C. and got into Henry's hands?

- Jim Donley,              Bethesda

Some time before the April 14, 1865, performance of "Our American Cousin," Joe
Simms, a Ford's Theatre employee, carried a lushly upholstered rocking chair
into what was to become the presidential box. The chair belonged to theater
manager Harry Clay Ford and was among items moved in to make the presidential
party more comfortable.

After the assassination, Ford's Theatre was seized by the War Department. It was
a crime scene, after all. Guards were posted on 10th Street and outside the
ill-fated box. On  April 22, Assistant Secretary of War Charles Dana ordered the
Army to remove the chair. Dana had heard that it had been "much clipped and
mutilated by persons desirous of carrying away pieces of it as relics." (Dana
also ordered the imprisonment of whomever had been in charge of securing the
presidential box.)

After the trial of the surviving conspirators - at which the rocker was
introduced as evidence - the question that would be asked many times was asked
for the first time: What should be done with the death chair?

In January 1867, the War Department sent it to the Department of the Interior.
Interior Secretary O.H. Browning acknowledged receipt of the chair, writing, "It
will afford me satisfaction to have the Chair deposited in the proper place,
among other relics, in this Department for safekeeping."

Soon after, the chair - along with the stovepipe hat Lincoln wore to the theater
that night - were put on display at the Patent Office building. They were
exhibited for only a year or two, and in 1869 the two items were delivered to
the Smithsonian. They were kept in storage, their exact whereabouts a closely
held secret.

In 1893 the chair was sent to a museum that Union veteran and Lincolniana
collector Osborn Oldroyd opened at 516 10th St. NW, the house in which Lincoln
died. There it stayed for the next four years. It was returned to the
Smithsonian, where in 1902 it finally received an official accession number -
38912 - and was catalogued in the Department of Anthropology.

Lincoln's hat became the subject of a celebrated lawsuit when the descendants of
Phineas Gurley, the minister who delivered the president's eulogy, sued to take
possession of it. They said Mary Todd Lincoln gave the hat to the minister.
Although that was apparently true, the Smithsonian was able to persuade a judge
that the historical significance of the hat meant it should stay in the museum's
custody. (It's on exhibit at the National Museum of American History.)

Wouldn't the chair be just as iconic? Perhaps, but it remained in storage. Then,
in 1928, Blanche Chapman Ford, the widow of Harry Clay Ford, wrote to the
Smithsonian. Was it true, she asked, that they had the chair, and if so, "Will
you kindly tell me why it is not on exhibition?" She added that if it was not of
use to the museum she would like to have it.

Smithsonian curator Theodore Belote responded that it was the museum's policy
not to show objects "directly connected with such a horrible and deplorable
event." Perhaps, but Brian Daniels, a Smithsonian Archives research associate
who has studied the circuitous history of the chair and hat, thinks there was
another reason: Belote, the racist son of Maryland slave owners, was not
especially fond of Lincoln. He was happy to see the chair go.

"It shows how important curators are in the process of thinking about historical
treasures," Brian told Answer Man.

In the spring of 1929, Blanche Ford's son George collected the chair. That
December it was on the auction block, selling for $2,400 to Israel Sack, a
Boston antiques dealer who conveyed it to Henry Ford for his new museum.

"This is the chair that embodies a transformative moment in time for America and
indeed the world," said Christian Overland             , vice president of the
Henry Ford museum.

"It kind of is like the one that got away," Daniels said.

Send questions to answerman@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             284 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 9, 2010 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Traffic-safety study traces extent and toll of drowsy driving

BYLINE: Ashley Halsey III

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 601 words


The most dramatic and deadly asleep-behind-the-wheel accident in recent memory
began as nothing more than a fender-bender before mushrooming into a
chain-reaction collision on an Oklahoma highway that left 10 people dead and six
injured.

The uncommon tragedy started with something that a study released Monday found
is all too common: people nodding off behind the wheel.

Although drowsy driving is eclipsed as a highway hazard by speeding, drunken
driving and distracted driving, 41 percent of drivers say they have done it,
according to the report from the American Automobile Association Foundation for
Traffic Safety.

Falling asleep while driving results in 1,550 deaths, 71,000 injuries and more
than 100,000 accidents each year, the National Highway Traffic Safety
Administration estimates.

The deadly chain of events in Oklahoma last year unfolded somewhat innocuously:
A Ford Focus sideswiped a truck parked on the shoulder, then bounced off the
median and came to rest blocking the left-hand lane of an Oklahoma highway.

That first crash on Interstate 44 backed up traffic for a quarter-mile. Then
along behind it - at 69 mph - came a Volvo tractor-trailer whose 76-year-old
driver, investigators concluded, was falling asleep.

The cab towing an empty refrigerated supermarket trailer plowed into the line of
vehicles.

It slammed a 2003 Land Rover SUV forward into a 2003 Hyundai Sonata. The Land
Rover screeched to the right, where it overturned off the shoulder. After
knocking the Land Rover aside, the truck rode over the top of the Hyundai and a
2004 Kia Spectra.

Then, dragging those two cars along beneath it, the tractor-trailer hit a 2000
Ford minivan, slamming it forward into a livestock trailer carrying 10 sheep.
The pickup towing the trailer, a 2004 Ford 350, was propelled into a 2008
Chevrolet Tahoe SUV.

Ten people were killed and six were injured, including two toddlers in car seats
and the truck driver.

The National Transportation Safety Board report on the June 2009 crash, issued
in September, cited driver fatigue as the cause.

The NTSB report also said that the initial fender-bender was caused by the
18-year old driver of the Ford Focus, who also fell asleep behind the wheel.

Though precision is elusive in calculations such as this, it's almost certain
that more people than the official 1,550 die in the United States because of
driver fatigue. Such data rely on admissions from the driver, who may be unsure
what caused the crash or who may not be forthcoming.

The driver of the tractor-trailer in Oklahoma declined to be interviewed by the
NSTB, so investigators examined his driving history the week of the crash before
concluding that fatigue was the cause.

Not all drowsiness comes late at night. More than one in four drivers told AAA
they had fallen asleep during the afternoon within the past year. And more than
two-thirds of drivers who said they dozed off said they were unaware when they
got into the vehicle that they might have a hard time staying awake.

Concern over fatigue while operating a fast-moving vehicle isn't confined to the
highways.

The Federal Aviation Administration this year proposed stricter regulations on
airline pilots, including a rule that would enable pilots to get more sleep.
Twenty-five people have died in the past four years in three major bus accidents
attributed to tired drivers.

Fatigue also was judged to have been a factor in a 1997 collision of freight
trains in Kansas. An engineer who had been awake for 18 hours died, and NTSB
investigators concluded that he "probably fell asleep" just before the trains
collided.

halseya@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             285 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 27, 2010 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

At Ford, earnings and production up, debt down

BYLINE: Keith Naughton

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 417 words


SOUTHFIELD, Mich. - Ford reported a record third-quarter profit of $1.69 billion
on Tuesday and said it is paying down debt faster than planned as new models
boost its U.S. market share.

The results topped the company's previous third-quarter high of $1.13 billion,
set in 1997. Excluding some items, profit was 48 cents a share, beating the
38-cents average of analysts' estimates compiled by Bloomberg. The
second-largest U.S. automaker earned $997 million in last year's third quarter
and had adjusted per-share profit of 26 cents.

Chief executive Alan Mulally has revived Ford by improving quality and expanding
offerings of its namesake brand. Ford, the only major U.S. automaker to avoid
bankruptcy, accounted for 15.1 percent of U.S. light-vehicle sales in the
quarter, up from 13 percent two years ago, as buyers pay more for new models
such as the Fiesta subcompact and Super Duty pickups.

"Ford has elevated its brand," said Jessica Caldwell, director of pricing and
industry analysis for automotive researcher Edmunds.com. "They're attracting a
more discerning buyer who has more income and can afford more options."

Ford's third-quarter sales fell 4.3 percent to $29 billion, but the company
boosted North American production 16 percent, to 570,000 cars and trucks.
Excluding last year's revenue from Volvo, which Ford has since sold, sales rose
in the quarter by $1.7â[#x20ac][#x160]billion, the company said.

Ford said its automotive operations had $23.8 billion in cash on Sept. 30, up
from $21.9 billion on June 30. Ford, which has been paying down its obligations
this year, had automotive debt of $26.4â[#x20ac][#x160] billion, down from $27.3
â[#x20ac][#x160]billion on June 30.

Ford said Thursday it will pay down a revolving credit line by
$2â[#x20ac][#x160]billion and use cash to prepay the remaining $3.6 billion in
debt owed to its union retirement account.

"We're working really hard on improving the balance sheet," Chief Financial
Officer Lewis Booth told reporters. "We've got some ways to go yet."

Ford said it expects that its automotive operations' cash level will equal the
amount of debt by the end of this year, 12 months ahead of schedule. Ford has
paid down its obligations by $10.8â[#x20ac][#x160]billion so far this year,
including the $3.6 billion payment this week to the union retiree health-care
trust.

Ford has more debt than General Motors and Chrysler Group because it borrowed
$23 billion in late 2006 before credit markets froze, giving the automaker a
cash cushion to withstand the recession and avoid bankruptcy.

- Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             286 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 23, 2010 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Won convictions over Hoffa, top Nixon aides

BYLINE: Matt Schudel

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 978 words


James F. Neal, one of the nation's leading trial lawyers, who sent Teamsters
chief Jimmy Hoffa to prison and later won convictions against top officials of
the Nixon administration in the Watergate coverup trial, died Oct. 21 of
esophageal cancer at a hospital in Nashville. He was 81.

Mr. Neal, who mesmerized courtrooms with his courtly manner and Tennessee drawl,
was at the center of many renowned trials, beginning in the early 1960s when
Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy chose him to lead a Justice Department
investigation of Hoffa for corruption.

As a special prosecutor in the 1970s, Mr. Neal confronted the Nixon White House
in the Watergate coverup trial, resulting in the convictions of former attorney
general John N. Mitchell and two of President Richard M. Nixon's closest
advisers, John D. Ehrlichman and H.R. Haldeman.

Later, from his base in Nashville, Mr. Neal handled prominent cases throughout
the country, compiling a remarkable record of legal victories. In 1985, Fortune
magazine named him of the country's five best trial lawyers.

He won an acquittal for Ford Motor Co. in 1980, when it was charged with
reckless homicide over the design of its Pinto car. He successfully defended
Louisiana Gov. Edwin Edwards in a racketeering trial in 1985.

Mr. Neal handled the defense for Exxon after the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill in
Alaska. He won an acquittal for Elvis Presley's doctor, George Nichopoulos, who
was charged with dispensing drugs that contributed to the singer's death in
1977.

He defended director John Landis when he was accused of manslaughter after actor
Vic Morrow and two child actors were killed in a 1982 accident while making
"Twilight Zone: The Movie."

"Jim was viewed by some as the go-to lawyer for corporations and for people in
trouble," his longtime law partner Aubrey Harwell said Friday. "He had a
tremendous ability to communicate across the spectrum, rich and poor, black and
white.  He brought tremendous credibility with him."

Mr. Neal was working for a Washington law firm when he joined the Justice
Department in 1961 and began looking into corruption charges against Hoffa and
the Teamsters union. When an initial trial ended in a hung jury, Mr. Neal led a
second prosecution against the union boss for jury tampering. In the 1964 trial
in Chattanooga, Tenn., Hoffa flashed obscene hand gestures at Mr. Neal under the
table.

"Jimmy Hoffa once called me the most vicious prosecutor who ever lived," Mr.
Neal later said, as a matter of pride. He won the only federal conviction
against Hoffa, whose prison sentence was later commuted by Nixon.

In 1973, special prosecutor Archibald Cox summoned Mr. Neal back to Washington
to investigate the Watergate coverup that led to the president's resignation the
next year.

Mr. Neal won a guilty plea from former White House counsel John W. Dean in 1973
and then took on members of Nixon's inner circle the next year. Washington was
riveted by the coverup trial in late 1974, in which Mitchell, Ehrlichman,
Haldeman and two other former White House aides were charged with conspiracy,
perjury and obstruction of justice.

"The prosecutor spoke in a rich Tennessee twang, only occasionally glancing at
note card reminders," The Washington Post reported of his closing argument. "He
shouted. He whispered. He glared, at times swiveling around dramatically to
point at the defendants."

"It's no fun casting stones," he told the jury in Judge John J. Sirica's
courtroom. "But to keep society going, stones must be cast. People must be
called to account."

On New Year's Day 1975, the jury found Mitchell, Ehrlichman and Haldeman guilty.
Mr. Neal always considered his Watergate summation his "finest hour" in the
courtroom.

James Foster Neal was born Sept. 7, 1929, near Oak Grove, Tenn., and grew up
milking cows on a small family farm. He won a football scholarship to the
University of Wyoming and was a running back on the Cowboys' undefeated team in
1950.

After graduating from Wyoming, he served in the Marine Corps for two years,
which he credited with giving his life discipline and direction.

He graduated first in his law school class at Nashville's Vanderbilt University
in 1957 and received a master's in tax law from Georgetown University in 1960.

After his prosecution of Hoffa in 1964, Mr. Neal was a U.S. attorney in
Tennessee before entering private practice in 1966. He returned to Washington as
a special investigator of the Abscam and Iran-Contra scandals in the 1980s, but
he focused more on complicated white-collar defense cases.

"He was a popular advocate for unpopular causes," said Washington defense lawyer
Abbe D. Lowell, who worked with Mr. Neal on several cases. "He was one of the
great trial lawyers and one of the great strategists of this century."

One of his most controversial cases was his 1980 defense of Ford, in which he
argued that the small-sized Pinto was inherently more risky than a larger car.
He won the landmark case and dozens of others, though he joked that the
protracted Exxon Valdez case didn't end as well.

"I have the unhappy record of losing the biggest verdict in the history of the
United States, a $5 billion punitive damage award," he said. (In 2008, the
Supreme Court ruled the amount was excessive.)

Mr. Neal's marriages to Ellen Julie Neal and Victoria Jackson ended in divorce.

Survivors include his wife of 20 years, Dianne Ferrell Neal of Nashville; two
children from his first marriage, James F. Neal Jr. and Julie Neal; a
stepdaughter, Sarah Nickoloff; two sisters; and five grandchildren.

Over the years, Mr. Neal did legal work for many country-western entertainers.
In the early 1980s, one of his clients, Johnny Cash, invited the outgoing Mr.
Neal, who never shied from a camera, to appear as a lawyer in the television
movie "Murder in Coweta County."

"I get a kick every time it's run," he once said.

schudelm@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             287 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 2, 2010 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Headline goes here

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 657 words


All of the major automakers reported much higher sales in September compared
with last year, with General Motors up 22 percent on its four core brands,
Toyota up 17 percent and Ford up 46 percent.

But automakers and industry analysts expressed caution about interpreting the
numbers as a sign of any surge in the industry or the broader economy. One of
the primary reasons auto sales in September 2010 look so rosy is that auto sales
in September 2009 were so bad. That was the month after the "Cash for Clunkers"
incentives, and consumers had finished their car-shopping.

"Last September, people couldn't give a car away," said Jesse Toprak, vice
president for industry trends at TrueCar.com, which tracks auto sales. "To a
casual observer these numbers will look much better than they are."

Even so, analysts saw in them a sign of slow but steady recovery. Ford sold a
lot of pickups, Fusions and Escapes; GM sold a lot of Chevy Equinoxes and GMC
Terrains; Toyota touted its Camry sales.

"We continue to be encouraged, but we also know that we cannot take any of our
gains for granted," Don Johnson, GM's vice president for United States sales
operations, said in a call with analysts and reporters. "Consumers are still
sending us a very clear message that they will continue to be cautious with
their spending."

Hewlett-Packard's new chief executive, Leo Apotheker, is getting $8.6 million to
sign on and move to the United States to lead the world's largest technology
company.

That's in addition to an annual salary of $1.2 million and performance-based
bonuses, restricted shares and stock awards worth millions over the next three
years.

The former chief of German business software maker SAP will get a
performance-based cash bonus of at least $2.4 million, or double his base
salary, for fiscal 2011, which begins in November.

Apotheker, 57, was named Thursday as CEO of the Palo Alto, Calif.-based company,
getting a cold shoulder from investors who sent shares lower. Most analysts had
expected HP to hire a replacement for Mark Hurd from within or to tap an
outsider with a more impressive background than Apotheker's. He lost his SAP job
this year.

BP is set to sell its Vietnamese and Venezuelan assets to TNK-BP, a joint
venture whose Russian partners have long sought to expand outside Russia. On
Friday, the TNK-BP board gave management approval to make an offer to BP.

It was the first day on the job for director Tony Hayward, whose resignation as
chief executive of BP took effect Friday. During a tiff between BP and Russian
partners two years ago, BP had opposed the venture's expansion outside Russia.

But a source close to the TNK-BP board said that "life has moved on." A
four-person board committee weighed valuations of the assets; BP board members
recused themselves.

BP is now trying to sell about $30 billion of oil and gas assets to help cover
the cost of cleaning up and compensating people for the massive Gulf of Mexico
oil spill. It has already sold about $10 billion of assets, and the sale of
Vietnam's offshore gas business and Venezuelan oil reserves could get it close
to halfway to its target.

Aldi say customer data compromised: Grocery chain Aldi Inc. said Friday that
private information of its customers in 11 states, including Maryland and
Virginia, may have been exposed to theft when they paid for purchases using
payment terminals that had been tampered with. The firm said Friday that
vandalized terminals were placed in stores between June and August and let
unauthorized individuals see Aldi customers' names, account numbers and secret
codes.

BMW to recall 200,000 cars: BMW of North America said it will recall nearly
200,000 luxury vehicles to fix leaks that could develop in the power braking
system. The recall involves BMW 5 Series, 6 Series and 7 Series vehicles powered
by V8 and V12 engines from the 2002-2010 model years and certain Rolls-Royce
Motor Cars from the 2003-2010 model years.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             288 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 2, 2010 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Seeking inroads in S. Korea

BYLINE: Howard Schneider

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 1276 words


In the best of all worlds, a U.S. free-trade agreement with South Korea would
fling open the doors of that country's million-vehicle-a-year auto market to
U.S. models like the Ford Focus or Fiesta, the type of fuel-efficient small cars
that Koreans prefer and are central to Ford's corporate strategy.

But in practice, there's no guarantee those extra vehicles would be made at U.S.
plants by U.S. workers, rather than at Ford facilities in places such as
Chennai, India, or Chongqing, China, where the automaker's footprint is growing.

Debate over the proposed trade treaty, which could be resolved this fall, has
boiled down to a battle over automobiles - an industry that South Korea has
nurtured into an export powerhouse and the United States is trying to rebuild
after a traumatic restructuring and government bailouts. That fight is being
waged with graphs and sales statistics - the skimpy penetration of imports into
South Korea offered by U.S. companies as proof the country is protectionist,
data showing a steady rise in sales of European luxury autos offered by South
Korea as proof that it is not.

But there is a deeper reality that is rarely captured in the data, and it could
blunt the impact on jobs of any deal the Obama administration is able to strike:
the globalized nature of auto production.

Not only has Ford, like other major auto companies, stationed its factories
strategically around the world, but the largest U.S. car company, General
Motors, has bowed out of the South Korea-U.S. trade debate altogether because it
already has access to the market through its ownership of the South Korean
automaker Daewoo. GM makes and sells more than 100,000 cars a year through
Daewoo and exports hundreds of thousands more to Europe and elsewhere.

"Historically we have built where we sold," said Greg Martin, a GM spokesman.
"We sell in Korea and we build in Korea."

Tens of thousands of Chevrolet-branded Aveos come back to the United States each
year as imports. It's an odd footnote for GM, considering its largest
stockholder - the federal government - is working to temper the country's
mammoth trade deficit. GM says its production of Aveos will shift back to the
United States soon.

"The net calculation of a Ford or a GM - how they react or expand or alter their
production network - it is kind of hard to know," said Matthew J. Slaughter, a
professor at the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth University and a member of
President George W. Bush's Council of Economic Advisers. "Free-trade agreements
both create and destroy jobs. Exactly in which countries and in which industries
is really hard to predict."

The South Korea agreement was negotiated by Bush but never ratified by Congress.
President Obama, who has made its enactment a priority, wants to finalize
possible changes with the South Korean government when he visits there in
November and then seek congressional approval.

There are issues beyond automobiles on the table, including continued
restrictions on U.S. beef exports to South Korea and some trade enforcement
matters raised by labor and other groups leery of the trade pacts signed by the
United States in the past two decades.

But the debate over cars is considered the key dispute. The agreement would have
to clear the House Ways and Means Committee, and its chairman, Rep. Sander M.
Levin (D-Mich.), whose district includes northern suburbs of Detroit, insists
there be more tangible benefits for U.S. automakers.

South Korea sends more than 400,000 vehicles, mostly Hyundais and Kias, to the
United States each year and makes about 200,000 others at U.S. plants. By
contrast, the United States exported 5,878 vehicles to South Korea in 2009,
according to data from the U.S. Commerce Department.

The U.S. auto market, of course, is roughly 10 times as large as South Korea's.
But advocates for the U.S. auto industry say the figures are still
disproportionate, and they argue that an array of South Korean policies,
including an undervalued currency, give Korean automakers an unfair advantage.

With just seven weeks until Obama is to travel to South Korea, the top trade
negotiators from the two countries have yet to meet, and people involved in the
discussion say the United States still has not decided what changes it will
request of the South Koreans.

Some in the broader business community worry the talks are bogging down over a
single industry, putting what they feel are clear gains for the U.S. economy at
risk.  South Korea is dropping a long list of tariffs under the agreement,
including stiff taxes on U.S. agricultural goods. Major U.S. financial,
insurance and other firms say the access they expect to gain in South Korea's
near-trillion-dollar economy will be a boon.

For the auto industry, the agreement would mean an elimination of tariffs. South
Korea has an 8 percent tax on incoming automobiles, compared with the 2.5
percent levy imposed by the United States. The United States would also give up
a 25 percent tax on pickup trucks over 10 years - a potential incentive for
South Korean automakers to enter a market where Ford in particular has been
successful.

Ford officials say the stakes go beyond tariffs. The company says the issue is
whether South Korea will meaningfully drop the types of preferential taxes,
regulations and other market biases that have created what Ford lobbyist Stephen
Biegun calls an "upside down" auto industry. Upward of 70 percent of the cars
produced in South Korea are exported, far above the industry norm, he said.
Meanwhile, imports account for less than 10 percent of local sales, compared
with an average of 40 percent in other developed countries.

While Biegun acknowledged that some of South Korea's more overt forms of market
bias have been dropped - owners of imported cars, for example, previously had to
declare them on income tax returns, a sign of affluence more likely to trigger
an audit - he said the country's meager level of imports proves the market is
not truly open.

"We want an opportunity to sell more, and we want it front-loaded," Biegun said.
Any benefit they get, we want it leveraged for them to open markets."

But understanding how liberalization by South Korea - and other U.S. trade
partners - might translate into American jobs is difficult in an industry where
brand names have little connection to country of origin, supply chains
crisscross borders and joint international ventures are used to advance research
and development.

Just as Chevrolet's Aveo is shipped to the United States from South Korea,
Ford's Transit Connect cargo van, for instance, is imported into the United
States from Istanbul. (The van is outfitted with passenger seats to skirt the 25
percent tax on trucks that has benefited U.S. truckmakers since the 1960s, and
the seats are stripped once the vehicles enter the United States, according to a
Wall Street Journal report.)

The North American Free Trade Agreement, meanwhile, has spread automaker supply
chains and production throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico, making it
difficult to tell how much U.S. content - and how many U.S. jobs - are
represented in any given vehicle.

The few thousand cars Ford sells in South Korea - higher-end vehicles such as
Tauruses, Mustangs and Explorers - are all manufactured at U.S. plants. In the
future, Biegun said, Ford hopes to sell many more of its smaller, mass-market
vehicles in South Korea.

It might make sense for Ford to produce the cars next door at the company's
facility in Chongqing. But he said that plant is already at capacity.

"I don't know where we would source vehicles over time if it were truly open,"
he said.

schneiderh@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             289 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 26, 2010 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

Love the new-car smell? Automakers don't.

BYLINE: Dee-Ann Durbin

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 808 words


Detroit - When engineers were getting Ford's Transit Connect ready to go on sale
in the United States last year, some of them noticed an oily, fishy smell in the
van.

Ford employees in Turkey, where the Transit Connect is made, were stumped. They
hadn't noticed the smell. But a team of U.S. engineers did, and they went to
work stripping down the van's interior until they found the culprit: a sealant
used in the doors. Ford switched to a sealant that won't offend American noses.

In the highly competitive auto industry, no detail can be overlooked. That
includes odors.

Ford, Toyota, General Motors and others have trained teams of sniffers who
evaluate smells and then reject or reformulate any unpleasant materials. It's a
daunting task: Car interiors are made of dozens of different odorous materials -
plastics, foams, rubbers, carpet, fabric, leather.

"The goal is for you to not smell anything, because different people are going
to like different things," said Sandra Edwards, a Ford laboratory engineer who
leads a smell-test team at the automaker. "If there's no scent whatsoever,
everyone's going to be happy."

Edwards knows this firsthand. While many people like "new-car smell" and even
try to replicate it with air fresheners, she dislikes it and drives with her
windows rolled down until it dissipates.

Smell tests have taken on added importance with the globalization of the car
market: Different cultures have different sensitivities. Ford's smell panel has
international participants to ensure it gets a variety of opinions.

"America has such a sanitized atmosphere to it, it doesn't take much for us to
pick up on those odors," Edwards said.

Andrea Sterling, an engineer and smell-panel leader for Toyota in the United
States, said Americans are more sensitive to "fishy" smells than Japanese, so
Japanese engineers have been trained to meet American standards for "fishiness."
On the other hand, Japanese testers found the smell from some natural fibers
much more offensive than Americans did.

There's no smell that Edwards can think of that everyone likes. U.S. and
European drivers think leather smells luxurious, for example, but Indian drivers
don't like it.

Smell tests are run whenever engineers need to make sure a certain part can be
used. At Ford, five testers are picked from a pool in Edwards's department, and
they smell samples that have been placed in Mason jars with water or heat, which
intensify smells. Testers assign numbers to the smells, from one (no smell) to
six (strong and disturbing).

Negative tests can force engineers to scrap a part and start over. When Toyota
was designing the new Sienna minivan, engineers planned to use a certain foam
block as a dampening cushion in the cup holder. But the foam didn't pass the
smell test, so materials engineers worked with design engineers and the supplier
to find an alternative.

Sometimes, automakers or suppliers will try to reformulate the part to change
the odor. In one recent instance, Ford's team determined that some rubber floor
mats smelled unpleasant. The supplier tried adding cinnamon oil to mask the
scent. Unfortunately, that was rejected, too.

"It smelled like cinnamon and rubber. It was pretty comical," Edwards said.

Sterling said many people believe that automakers add something to the car to
create "new-car smell." But it just comes from chemicals in the materials.
Plasticizers, for example, are chemicals added to plastic to make it more
durable and easier to mold into the dashboard and other shapes. Eventually, the
chemicals evaporate and the smell goes away.

"Even the smell of roses comes from the chemicals that the plant releases into
the air," Sterling said. "Just like roses, plastics, adhesives and other
materials have some chemicals in them that are released into the air and are
recognized by our noses."

The Ecology Center, an environmental group in Ann Arbor, Mich., has warned that
exposure to the many chemicals in car interiors - through touching the seats or
steering wheel, for example - may cause health problems. In tests, the center
has found bromine, a flame retardant that it says has been linked to thyroid
problems and decreased fertility; phthalates, which also have been linked to
reproductive problems; and lead.

Toyota has some concern that the chemicals in cars may cause nose and throat
irritation, Sterling said.

Currently, there are no U.S. regulations on the chemicals that can be in a car's
interior air, but the Japanese Automotive Manufacturers Association has set some
voluntary guidelines that Toyota follows. Sterling said those guidelines caused
the company to switch to some lower-emission products in some cases, such as a
resin with 80 percent lower formaldehyde emissions.

Ford spokeswoman Kristen Kinley said Ford tests all its materials rigorously and
hasn't found any harmful chemicals.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             290 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 15, 2010 Wednesday

LENGTH: 306 words


NASCAR Nationwide NAPA Auto Parts 200 Lineup

After Saturday's qualifying; Sunday's race

At Circuit Gilles Villeneuve; In Montreal, Canada

Lap length: 2.709 miles; (Car number in parentheses)

1. (47) Marcos Ambrose, Toyota, 97.079

2. (32) Jacques Villeneuve, Toyota, 96.924

3. (20) Joey Logano, Toyota, 96.65

4. (60) Carl Edwards, Ford, 96.43

5. (09) Boris Said, Ford, 96.345

6. (38) Jason Leffler, Toyota, 96.33

7. (98) Paul Menard, Ford, 96.191

8. (22) Brad Keselowski, Dodge, 96.157

9. (33) Max Papis, Chevrolet, 96.111

10. (18) Brad Coleman, Toyota, 96.021

11. (27) Andrew Ranger, Dodge, 95.908

12. (81) Michael McDowell, Dodge, 95.509

13. (00) Patrick Carpentier, Toyota, 95.375

14. (16) Colin Braun, Ford, 95.343

15. (88) Ron Fellows, Chevrolet, 95.323

16. (07) Robby Gordon, Chevrolet, 95.244

17. (7) J.R. Fitzpatrick, Chevrolet, 95.056

18. (66) Steve Wallace, Toyota, 94.925

19. (62) Brendan Gaughan, Toyota, 94.68

20. (99) Trevor Bayne, Toyota, 94.533

21. (26) Parker Kligerman, Dodge, 94.191

22. (23) Alex Kennedy, Chevrolet, 94.171

23. (6) Ricky Stenhouse Jr., Ford, 94.093

24. (12) Justin Allgaier, Dodge, 94.037

25. (35) Tony Ave, Chevrolet, 93.949

26. (11) Brian Scott, Toyota, 93.948

27. (97) Joe Nemechek, Chevrolet, 93.919

28. (43) Justin Marks, Ford, 93.575

29. (10) Tayler Malsam, Toyota, 93.308

30. (24) D.J. Kennington, Ford, 93.236

31. (87) Paulie Harraka, Chevrolet, 93.103

32. (34) Tony Raines, Chevrolet, 93.098

33. (01) Mike Wallace, Chevrolet, 93.094

34. (59) Kyle Kelley, Chevrolet, 93.092

35. (05) Victor Gonzalez Jr., Chevrolet, 92.942

36. (15) Michael Annett, Toyota, 92.735

37. (40) Mike Bliss, Chevrolet, 92.666

38. (89) Brett Rowe, Chevrolet, 92.593

39. (82) Tomy Drissi, Dodge, 92.46

40. (28) Kenny Wallace, Chevrolet, 92.039

41. (70) Mark Green, Chevrolet, 91.123

42. (21) Morgan Shepherd, Chevrolet, 89.957

43. (36) Jeff Green, Chevrolet, 90.872.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright  The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             291 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 14, 2010 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Volkswagen names new U.S. chief

BYLINE: Marjorie Censer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 337 words


Volkswagen Group of America on Monday named Jonathan Browning, a General Motors
and Ford veteran, to lead the Herndon-based company as it moves to improve U.S.
sales.

Browning, who handles the Volkswagen Group's national sales companies, will
become president and chief executive effective Oct. 1. He previously was vice
president of global sales, service and marketing at GM and oversaw the company's
European sales from 2001 to 2008. He also worked for Ford, in marketing for Ford
Europe and for Jaguar, from 1997 to 2001.

Browning replaces Stefan Jacoby, who left in June and now runs Volvo.

During a news conference, company officials said the German carmaker is
committed to the U.S. market. The firm moved its U.S. headquarters to Herndon in
2008 and is in the process of opening a manufacturing plant in Chattanooga,
Tenn. The company said it has hired more than 1,000 workers for the plant.

According to Christian Klingler, a member of the management board of the
Volkswagen Group for sales and marketing, the company is seeking to sell 800,000
Volkswagen and 200,000 Audi vehicles annually in North America by 2018.

For his part, Browning said he is focused on the launch of three new vehicles
geared toward the U.S. market: a Jetta that recently premiered in Times Square;
a mid-size sedan planned for launch next year; and a next-generation Beetle
slated to follow the sedan. Browning said the sedan was specifically designed
for the U.S. market and that the company expects the United States to be the
highest-volume market for the Beetle.

But he acknowledged that he faces a challenge. The company has not surpassed its
1970 benchmark, he said, when it sold 577,000 vehicles.

In comparison, Toyota last year sold more than 1.7 million vehicles in the
United States.

Volkswagen is the third-largest car company in the world but claims only about 3
percent of the U.S. market.

"We know that we've got a lot of work to do," Browning said.

censerm@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             292 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            September 5, 2010 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D04

LENGTH: 494 words


NASCAR

Camping World Truck-Built Ford Tough 225

At Kentucky Speedway; Sparta, Ky.

Lap length: 1.5 miles; Start position in parentheses

Friday's Results

1. (14) Todd Bodine, Toyota, 150 laps, 128.6 rating, 190 points, $74,875

2. (2) Johnny Sauter, Chevrolet, 150, 115.5, 175, $49,590

3. (5) Aric Almirola, Toyota, 150, 98.6, 165, $36,610

4. (13) Jason White, Ford, 150, 96.5, 160, $24,500

5. (9) Ricky Carmichael, Chev., 150, 90.7, 155, $20,900

6. (12) Timothy Peters, Toyota, 150, 85, 150, $15,600

7. (4) Kyle Busch, Toyota, 150, 128, 156, $12,050

8. (26) Ryan Sieg, Chevrolet, 150, 76.5, 142, $14,300

9. (1) Austin Dillon, Chevrolet, 149, 114.1, 143, $15,400

10. (10) Matt Crafton, Chevrolet, 149, 98.7, 134, $12,650

11. (7) Justin Lofton, Toyota, 149, 98.1, 130, $11,600

12. (16) Stacy Compton, Chev., 149, 73.6, 132, $11,425

13. (3) Mike Skinner, Toyota, 149, 95.7, 124, $11,325

14. (20) David Starr, Toyota, 149, 72.3, 121, $11,225

15. (24) Dennis Setzer, Chevrolet, 149, 64.4, 118, $9,425

16. (29) Mario Gosselin, Chev., 149, 60.4, 115, $11,425

17. (27) Brent Raymer, Ford, 149, 51.3, 112, $10,825

18. (6) Donny Lia, Toyota, 148, 78.1, 109, $8,475

19. (15) Shelby Howard, Chev., 148, 73.3, 106, $8,375

20. (21) Miguel Paludo, Toyota, 148, 64, 103, $8,800

21. (36) Will Kimmel, Ford, 148, 43.5, 100, $8,250

22. (11) James Buescher, Chev., 148, 70.9, 97, $10,425

23. (30) Jennifer Jo Cobb, Ford, 147, 40.1, 94, $10,375

24. (32) Clay Greenfield, Dodge, 147, 40, 91, $10,325

25. (18) Steve Park, Toyota, 147, 58.8, 88, $8,025

26. (31) Carl Long, Chevrolet, 147, 47.9, 85, $8,975

27. (19) John Jackson, Chevrolet, 147, 41.9, 82, $8,275

28. (22) Jeffrey Earnhardt, Chev., 146, 43.2, 79, $8,825

29. (8) Ron Hornaday Jr., Chevrolet, 146, 99, 81, $10,825

30. (35) Chris Lafferty, Dodge, 141, 30.4, 73, $8,125

31. (34) N. Benning, Chev., rear end, 130, 31.7, 70, $7,525

32. (23) P. Rodenbeck, Chev., acc., 91, 47.4, 67, $7,425

33. (17) Chris Jones, Chev., ignition, 41, 47.4, 69, $7,325

34. (25) Mike Garvey, Chev., overht., 10, 31.7, 61, $7,225

35. (33) Butch Miller, Dodge, clutch, 4, 29.2, 58, $7,125

36. (28) Tim Andrews, Dodge, vibr., 2, 28.6, 55, $7,030

Race Statistics

Average Speed of Race Winner: 130.603 mph; Time of Race: 1 hour, 43 minutes, 22
seconds; Margin of Victory: 5.630 seconds; Caution Flags: 5 for 23 laps; Lead
Changes: 9 among 7 drivers

Lap Leaders: J.Sauter 1-21; C.Jones 22-23; R.Hornaday Jr. 24-43; T.Bodine 44-47;
S.Compton 48-50; R.Hornaday Jr. 51-53; K.Busch 54-126; A.Dillon 127-136;
T.Bodine 137-150

Leaders Summary (Driver, Times Led, Laps Led): K.Busch, 1 time for 73 laps;
R.Hornaday Jr., 2 times for 23 laps; J.Sauter, 1 time for 21 laps; T.Bodine, 2
times for 18 laps; A.Dillon, 1 time for 10 laps; S.Compton, 1 time for 3 laps;
C.Jones, 1 time for 2 laps

Top 10 in Points: 1. T.Bodine, 2,898; 2. A.Almirola, 2,637; 3. J.Sauter, 2,580;
4. T.Peters, 2,533; 5. R.Hornaday Jr., 2,461; 6. A.Dillon, 2,458; 7. M.Crafton,
2,458; 8. M.Skinner, 2,334; 9. D.Starr, 2,254; 10. J.White, 2,133

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             293 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            September 5, 2010 Sunday
                                 Met 2 Edition

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D04

LENGTH: 453 words


NASCAR Nationwide Great Clips 300

At Atlanta Motor Speedway

1. (7) Jamie McMurray, Chevrolet, 195 laps, 133.3 rating, 190 points, $45,925

2. (2) Kyle Busch, Toyota, 195, 137.8, 180, $40,575

3. (5) Carl Edwards, Ford, 195, 115.9, 165, $29,175

4. (8) Kevin Harvick, Chevrolet, 195, 125.3, 165, $21,550

5. (18) Matt Kenseth, Ford, 195, 105.4, 155, $20,550

6. (10) Joey Logano, Toyota, 195, 101, 150, $18,550

7. (12) Jason Leffler, Toyota, 195, 95, 146, $28,909

8. (4) Ryan Newman, Chevrolet, 195, 104.8, 142, $19,570

9. (9) Paul Menard, Ford, 195, 92.1, 138, $16,825

10. (13) Ricky Stenhouse Jr., Ford, 195, 88, 134, $24,787

11. (6) Josh Wise, Chevrolet, 195, 88.1, 130, $22,512

12. (15) Brad Keselowski, Dodge, 195, 99.2, 132, $15,325

13. (20) Justin Allgaier, Dodge, 195, 84.6, 124, $21,262

14. (16) Clint Bowyer, Chevrolet, 194, 80.2, 121, $15,125

15. (17) Mike Bliss, Chevrolet, 194, 76.4, 118, $20,637

16. (33) Brendan Gaughan, Toyota, 194, 69.2, 115, $20,712

17. (14) David Gilliland, Dodge, 194, 76.9, 112, $14,350

18. (23) Jason Keller, Chevrolet, 193, 69, 109, $20,287

19. (1) Kasey Kahne, Toyota, 192, 100.8, 111, $17,175

20. (39) Tony Raines, Chevrolet, 192, 59.9, 103, $21,262

21. (32) Michael Annett, Toyota, 192, 66, 100, $20,037

22. (35) John Wes Townley, Ford, 191, 60.4, 97, $19,962

23. (29) Willie Allen, Chevrolet, 191, 61.2, 94, $20,287

24. (11) Trevor Bayne, Toyota, 191, 72.1, 91, $19,812

25. (40) Kenny Wallace, Chevrolet, 191, 48.3, 88, $20,212

26. (27) Brad Baker, Ford, 190, 48.4, 85, $19,712

27. (26) Michael McDowell, Dodge, 190, 47.6, 82, $20,062

28. (30) Brian Scott, Toyota, 189, 53.1, 79, $19,612

29. (25) Joe Nemechek, Chevrolet, 189, 49, 76, $19,562

30. (36) Eric McClure, Ford, 188, 38.6, 73, $19,787

31. (34) Brian Keselowski, Dodge, 184, 38.1, 70, $19,432

32. (41) Mark Green, Chevrolet, 183, 36.4, 67, $19,372

33. (42) Robert Richardson Jr., Chevrolet, 170, 38.7, 64, $19,337

34. (3) Reed Sorenson, Toyota, accident, 166, 79, 61, $19,652

35. (37) Steve Wallace, Toyota, engine, 139, 64.5, 58, $19,272

36. (22) Mike Wallace, Chevrolet, engine, 100, 52, 55, $19,212

37. (21) Chase Miller, Chevrolet, electrical, 19, 45.6, 52, $12,440

38. (28) Danny O'Quinn Jr., Chevrolet, electrical, 15, 38.2, 49, $12,385

39. (43) Johnny Chapman, Chevrolet, suspension, 11, 35.5, 46, $12,345

40. (31) Kevin Lepage, Chevrolet, vibration, 3, 31.8, 43, $12,280

41. (24) Dennis Setzer, Dodge, vibration, 2, 31.9, 40, $12,215

42. (19) Kevin Hamlin, Ford, vibration, 2, 30.5, 37, $12,165

43. (38) Jeff Green, Chevrolet, transmission, 1, 28.9, 34, $12,080

Race Statistics

Average Speed of Race Winner: 144.452 mph; Time of Race: 2 hours, 4 minutes, 44
seconds; Margin of Victory: 0.286 seconds; Caution Flags: 4 for 17 laps; Lead
Changes: 9 among 5 drivers

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             294 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 28, 2010 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Regulators to scrutinize Google's bid for ITA

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 531 words


Federal regulators are taking a closer look at Google's plans to buy travel
technology company ITA Software in a $700 million all-cash deal announced last
month.

In a blog post Friday, Google said the Justice Department has asked it for more
information about the proposed acquisition, which could position the search
giant to compete with popular travel sites such as Expedia, Travelocity and
Orbitz.

ITA Software, a 500-employee company started in 1996 by computer scientists at
the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, provides technology that helps run
the reservations systems of several airlines. Google says the acquisition will
provide it with tools to help consumers search for flights, compare fares and
book tickets.

Tiffany & Co.'s second-quarter profit rose 19 percent, to $67.7 million, as
shoppers bought more of its high-end jewelry around the world, particularly in
Asia and Europe. Revenue rose 9 percent to $668.8 million, below analysts'
estimates of $690.2 million.

The luxury industry is recovering from the recession, which spurred shoppers to
spend less as they grappled with uncertain investments and employment prospects.

Growth in the Asia-Pacific region, excluding Japan, was the strongest in the
quarter as those economies continue to prosper. Revenue there jumped 21 percent
to $111.5 million. Tiffany opened its 12th store in China in the quarter   and
its fourth in Singapore.

l  Ford to recall Windstar vans: Ford is recalling 575,000 older model Windstar
vans in the United States and Canada over concerns that the rear axles can
corrode and potentially break.

The recall covers vehicles in the model years 1998 to 2003 sold or registered in
states where the heavy use of road salt can cause more corrosion. That includes
Canada, New England, the Mid-Atlantic states and the Great Lakes region.
Maryland, West Virginia and the District of Columbia are the affected states.

The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration began an investigation in May
after receiving 234 complaints of rear axle problems. NHTSA said the axle's
design could cause an excess of road salt to collect on the axle. It said that
96 percent of all complaints came from states where salt is used to prevent
freezing during winter months.

Ford said it plans to start notifying owners later this month.

l  UAW chief calls for restoration of benefits: United Auto Workers President
Bob King said Friday that workers' concessions helped save U.S. automakers and
the employees should regain some benefits now that the industry is recovering.

"We want workers to share in the upside just like they did in the downside,"
King said outside a Ford plant in Wayne, Mich. "Workers made a lot of sacrifices
to help the industry survive."

Workers have called for the restoration of wages and benefits sacrificed to
bolster the industry. UAW members who work for U.S. automakers have each given
$7,000 to $30,000 in concessions in the past five years, King has said. The
union surrendered raises, bonuses and cost-of-living adjustments at GM, Ford and
Chrysler. It also agreed to a two-tier wage system in which new hires earn about
$14 an hour, half the amount paid to hourly production workers.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             295 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 22, 2010 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

An attractive offering from the New GM

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 761 words

DATELINE: CORNWALL, N.Y.


The road to Wall Street runs through this Hudson Valley town where General
Motors automobiles -- indeed, where domestic cars of any make or model -- are a
distinct minority in a strongly flowing stream of Asian and European nameplates.

American cars are so few here they appear to be exotics in their own country,
which also mirrors their anemic presence in the District of Columbia, where
Capitol Hill parking spots are more likely to be occupied by BMWs, Hondas,
Toyotas or Volkswagens than they are by GM, Ford or Chrysler models.

It is an empirical reality spawned by a generation of marginal quality and
missed opportunities by domestic car companies, ending in bankruptcy for GM and
Chrysler in 2009 and billions of dollars in federal rescue cash for both.

Ford escaped that opprobrium only because it had faced failure earlier than its
American siblings. By the time GM and Chrysler were entering the poorhouse, Ford
was on the mend, having made enormous sacrifices of physical assets and
personnel and borrowed billions from private lenders to develop new, successful
products.

Now GM seems to have turned onto Comeback Road, announcing last week that it is
preparing to go to Wall Street to again sell shares publicly in a bid to do in
capital markets what it no longer wishes to do under the derisive nickname of
"Government Motors."

And what GM wants to do, quite simply, is what it too long failed to do as
General Motors -- design, build and sell inarguably the best cars in the world.
But the problem for GM is the same for anyone or anything with a badly damaged
reputation -- getting people to give you value by believing in you once again.

It's a tough call made tougher by the revengeful anger of those wronged by the
once mighty and the joy of those who thrive on the continued suffering and
misfortunes of the mighty fallen low.

GM is going to have to claw its way back one superior car at a time -- superior
in overall quality, design, performance, safety and market appeal, the latter of
which speaks to value for dollar. The 2011 Buick Regal CXL, a midsize family
sedan, is a start. It is not hyperbole to mention it in the same lineup as the
Acura TSX, Audi A4, Hyundai Genesis, Lexus IS or Volkswagen CC.

But getting people to believe that is going to take more than slick advertising
or media testimonials. To put it bluntly, GM is going to have to find a way to
put butts into seats. I hereby suggest the company do for the public what it
already has done for the news media -- hold motorized seminars in which all
comers are allowed to drive samples of the new Buick Regal, at least for a
couple of hours, free of charge.

That's going to cost GM money, which is apt to make Wall Street investors frown.
But here's betting, based on my own 700 miles of driving the 2011 Buick Regal
CXL, that the payoff will be worthwhile. The car says in ways that words never
can that the Old GM is dead and that a New GM, one that clearly understands
"It's the car, stupid," has risen.

Both exterior and interior design are attractive and purposeful, meaning that
the exterior is meant to please the eye and cheat the wind and the interior is
meant to coddle, entertain and inform. Interior fit and finish are excellent,
rivaling anything from Audi/Volkswagen, which is no accident. The new Regal is
the progeny of GM's Germany-based Opel group. It is based on the Opel Insignia
sedan.

The Germans have long topped their Asian and American rivals in interior
automotive design. The 2011 Buick Regal CXL honors that legacy.

A production model of the front-wheel-drive Regal with a turbocharged 2-liter
in-line four-cylinder engine (220 horsepower, 258 foot-pounds of torque) was not
ready for this column. Instead I drove the version with the standard 2.4-liter
four-cylinder engine (182 horsepower, 172 foot-pounds of torque) with direct
fuel injection.

I was not disappointed. The standard engine accelerated smoothly on highways at
low elevations and performed with gusto in the foothills and mountains, even
making it up Mine Hill Road here, about 1,500 feet above sea level, without much
of a sweat.

If the New GM wants to make it in the capital markets, it had better keep
turning out cars such as the new Buick Regal CXL. In fact, it had better do much
better than that.

Rewinning investor hearts and minds means regaining consumers who both love and
respect the company. The only way GM is going to do that is through rolling out
cars that generate affection. The Buick Regal CXL is another GM move in the
right direction. Here's hoping the company keeps it up.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Gm/wieck

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             296 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 4, 2010 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Auto sales improve, but worries remain;
Summer deals and easier credit fuel uptick in purchases

BYLINE: Frank Ahrens

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 585 words


July was one of the strongest months for U.S. auto sales since taxpayers
subsidized last summer's cash-for-clunkers buying spree, according to industry
data released Tuesday.

Sizable incentives and easier credit put more buyers behind the wheel in July,
as most automakers enjoyed an increase from June sales, and many saw sales go up
compared with one year ago.

The healthy July sales figures run counter to recent consumer-sentiment surveys
but align with data showing that Americans are willing, if they get a good deal,
to spend money on manufactured goods. And automakers' customary summer deals
were in full swing in July.

"There is a lot of pent-up demand as new auto sales have been depressed for over
two years at this point," said Jessica Caldwell, an analyst at Edmunds.com, a
Web site that tracks the auto industry. "There are buyers that simply can't wait
any longer on a new vehicle purchase."

General Motors said that domestic sales of its four core brands -- Chevrolet,
Cadillac, Buick and GMC -- rose 25 percent compared with July 2009. Factoring in
the brands that GM is shedding -- Saturn, Hummer, Saab and Pontiac, which drag
on company sales figures -- GM's sales were up 5 percent compared with July of
last year. The Chevy Silverado pickup truck had a good July, as did the Buick
Regal.

General Motors paid more than any of the five other top automakers to sell its
cars to consumers, however, shelling out an average of $4,093 per vehicle in
July, well above the industry average of $2,753 per vehicle, Edmunds.com said.

Sales of Jeeps and Ram pickup trucks gave Chrysler a boost, and the smallest of
Detroit's Big Three automakers said last month's sales were up 5 percent from
July 2009. This is good news for a company that has spent most of the past two
years in constant turmoil -- from free fall into bankruptcy to its current
partnership with Fiat.

But the news wasn't good for every automaker.

Ford -- the only Detroit automaker not to accept a government bailout -- said
July sales were flat compared with June. Mercury has been a drag on Ford sales,
and the company is phasing out the brand at the end of this year. Ford has pared
back the amount it is paying consumers, reducing its average incentive from
$3,288 per vehicle in July 2009 to $3,118 last month, according to Edmunds.com.
Ford has taken market share from its Big Three rivals during the recession and
is eager to keep momentum.

Toyota, still struggling with quality problems, saw a 20 percent increase in
sales from June to July. But compared with July 2009 -- one of the worst years
in decades for the industry -- sales were down 3.2 percent. Honda also reported
a 5 percent increase from June to July, but was off 2 percent compared with July
2009.

On the other hand, Korea's Hyundai continued its strong 2010 showing, thanks to
demand for its Sonata and Elantra sedans, with July sales up 6 percent from June
and up 19 percent from July 2009. Kia, which is 38 percent owned by Hyundai,
said July sales were up 11 percent from June and up 21 percent from July 2009.

Japan's Nissan had a terrific July, with sales up 28 percent from June, as
buyers snapped up the automaker's small sedans and SUVs. And, in a sign that
some people may think the recession is over, Daimler AG's July sales -- driven
by Mercedes-Benz -- were up 7 percent from July 2009.

Overall, July was a good sales month, but it should have been better, Caldwell
said, given the Fourth of July holiday weekend, the good weather and the strong
incentives.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; David Zalubowski/associated Press; Chrysler, the smallest of
Detroit's Big Three automakers, said July sales were up 5 percent from a year
ago.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             297 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 2, 2010 Monday
                                Suburban Edition

Chase standings

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 50 words


       Car            Pts.
Driver
1.     Kevin Harvick  Chevy 3,08
                            0
2.     Jeff Gordon    Chevy -
                            189
3.     Denny Hamlin   Toyot -
                      a     260
4.     Jimmie         Chevy -
       Johnson              277
5.     Jeff Burton    Chevy -
                            323
6.     Kyle Busch     Toyot -
                      a     356
7.     Kurt Busch     Dodge -
                            358
8.     Tony Stewart   Chevy -
                            361
9.     Matt Kenseth   Ford  -
                            398
10.    Carl Edwards   Ford  -
                            414
11.    Greg Biffle    Ford  -
                            428
12.    Clint Bowyer   Chevy -
                            516

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             298 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 27, 2010 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

AUTOMOTIVE

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 51 words


Ford unveils a leaner Explorer SUV

Ford's completely redesigned 2011 Explorer is set to arrive in dealerships this
winter. The automaker said its sport-utility vehicle would have seating for
seven and fuel economy similar to that of a Toyota Camry sedan. Prices have not
been announced.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; M. Spencer Green/associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             299 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 26, 2010 Monday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Chase standings

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 53 words


After Sunday's Brickyard 400
       Car          Point
Driver              s
1.     Kevin        Chevy
       Harvick            2,920
2.     Jeff Gordon  Chevy -184
3.     Denny Hamlin Toyot -260
                    a
4.     J. Johnson   Chevy -261
5.     Kurt Busch   Dodge -262
6.     Kyle Busch   Toyot -290
                    a
7.     Jeff Burton  Chevy -305
8.     Matt Kenseth Ford  -347
9.     Tony Stewart Chevy -376
10.    Carl Edwards Ford  -424
11.    Greg Biffle  Ford  -458
12.    Clint Bowyer Chevy -474

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             300 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 25, 2010 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Earnings surprises spark market rally

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G06

LENGTH: 272 words


U.S. stocks  rose, almost wiping out the Dow Jones industrial average's 2010
loss, after better-than-expected earnings at companies from United Parcel
Service to Apple and Ford Motor lifted confidence that the economy is
recovering.

UPS, Apple and Ford gained 6.6 percent or more for the week after their
per-share profit beat the average analyst estimate by at least 9 percent.
Genzyme jumped 21 percent, the most since 2000 and the biggest gain in the
Standard & Poor's 500-stock index, after people familiar with the matter said
Sanofi-Aventis approached the drugmaker about a takeover.

The S&P 500 gained 3.6 percent to 1,102.66, erasing its 1.2 percent loss the
previous week. It has gained 7 percent since June 30 in its first monthly gain
since April. The Dow climbed 3.2 percent to 10,424.62, cutting its 2010 decline
to less than 0.1 percent.

"Earnings reports are helping the market get a little more comfortable with the
fact that you can have economic growth more moderate, and in that environment
companies can still grow their earnings and are seeing pretty good business,"
said Walter Todd of Greenwood Capital. "If that trend continues, the market can
continue to work higher."

The Treasury will sell $30 billion in three-month and six-month bills Monday.
They yielded 0.15 percent and 0.19 percent, respectively, in when-issued
trading.The U.S. government also plans to sell $38 billion in two-year notes
Tuesday, $37 billion in five-year Treasury notes Wednesday and $29 billion in
seven-year bonds Thursday. They yielded 0.60 percent, 1.76 percent and 2.43
percent, respectively, in when-issued trading.

-- Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             301 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 25, 2010 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

A new-age pony that hasn't forgotten its old tricks

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 671 words

DATELINE: CORNWALL, N.Y.


The hardest part was northbound on the New York State Thruway, especially near
the Sloatsburg Service Area, where state troopers are especially active. I
dropped the Mustang's six-speed manual transmission into fourth gear and prayed
the car wouldn't stray past the posted 65-mph limit, or even give the appearance
of intending to do so.

New York's troopers are a humorless lot when it comes to speeding. And they have
a particularly keen eye for potential culprits piloting hot cars.

I was driving the 2011 Ford Mustang 5.0 GT coupe with premium options. It is a
hot car -- 412 horsepower and 390 foot-pounds of torque worth of hot. It is
motorized proof that the global automobile industry in general, and Ford Motor
in particular, is suffering from a severe personality disorder.

It is an understandable dysfunction.

Consumers worldwide are asking car companies to do two distinctly different
things -- to give them cars with top fuel economy . . . and road-scorching
performance. The 2011 Mustang is an attempt to do both.

But here's a word to the wise: If it's better fuel economy you're after, get the
Mustang with the 3.7-liter V-6 (305 horsepower, 280 foot-pounds of torque). It
will get 19 miles per gallon in the city and 29 miles per gallon on the highway
using regular gasoline.

The 5.0 GT driven for this column will get you nothing but trouble. But you'll
never have so much fun going to hell.

In self-defense, I'll say it wasn't my fault. The Mustang 5.0 GT made me do it.
Ford in recent years has acquired the persona of an American automobile
manufacturer newly and passionately intent on adhering to the disciplines of
product quality and environmental responsibility. It is a born-again reputation
richly deserved.

But the Mustang 5.0 GT is something else. It is a car from Ford's dark side,
from the days when burning rubber on a Woodward Avenue drag strip in Detroit on
a hot summer night took precedence over burning less fuel. Ford employs advanced
engineering -- dual overhead camshafts and electronically controlled valve lift
and timing; six-speed transmissions (manual and automatic available); tighter,
lighter body construction -- in obeisance to cleaner, greener automobile
development.

The notable result is a hot-rod Mustang 5.0 GT that gets 17 miles per gallon in
city traffic (depending on traffic flow) and 26 miles per gallon on the highway
(depending on speed, vehicle payload, road conditions and other factors). But
there is a reason the car prefers premium gasoline "for best performance." It's
all about running fast.

In fact, I've never been in a car that so detests low speeds. And that includes
a variety of super-exotic models with bodacious engines of 500-plus horsepower.
The Mustang 5.0 GT literally growls in city traffic, as if it's absolutely
irritated by first and second gears. It begins to calm a tad when you move to
third. But that's a mood shift in anticipation of breaking away in fourth and
fifth and completely losing itself in an orgy of speed in sixth.

The delivery of all of that power and speed is seductively smooth. Acceleration
doesn't throw your back to the seat. Instead, it steadily, firmly shoves you
back and keeps you there. It feels sinful. But it's the kind of sin that's so
pleasingly, thoroughly enjoyable. You want to do it over and over again in the
vain hope of avoiding consequence. I'm thinking that addictions of all sorts
must start like this.

At least, that is what I was thinking when I noticed a New York State Police car
in my rear-view mirror. There were no flashing lights. There was just a state
trooper cruiser dutifully following me like a cat tracking a mouse -- albeit a
loud, speedy mouse with a "grabber blue" exterior paint job.

I slowed down. The police car, still following me, slowed down. The officer
tailing me would not go away. I assumed he was thinking that there was no way I
could keep the Mustang 5.0 GT under 65 mph on a high-speed highway. If that was
his thinking, he was right. I pulled into the Sloatsburg rest stop and parked.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Ford/wieck

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             302 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 22, 2010 Thursday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Ford Explorer responds to shifting terrain;
Once-dominant SUV will relaunch with improved fuel efficiency

BYLINE: Peter Whoriskey

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 726 words


In the boom years, when living large went unquestioned, the Ford Explorer ruled
the roads. Bigger than necessary and a fuel hog, the Explorer flew out of
showrooms by the hundreds of thousands year after year, becoming the nation's
best-selling SUV over a decade.

Then times changed, a recession intervened and the cultural icon seemed like a
relic. So on Monday, Ford will reveal what company officials have called an
"extreme makeover," the re-invention of an emblem of boom-time excess and
environmental wantonness.

"You won't have to be ashamed when you drive into the driveway and the neighbors
come over," Ford Executive Vice President Mark Fields said in an interview.

In its new incarnation, Ford says, the Explorer will get as much as 30 percent
better fuel economy.

Its pricing, moreover, is built on the premise that consumer values have
changed: While the old Explorer offered a more powerful engine as an option, the
new one gives consumers the option of paying more for a fuel-stingy "Ecoboost"
engine.

And with the Explorer's new styling -- a closely guarded secret until Monday --
gone is some of the pretension that by driving one, you were bound for a rugged
off-road adventure, rather than merely venturing beyond the cul-de-sac to drop
the kids off at soccer.

"It's more suburban than it ever was," said Jessica Caldwell, an analyst at
Edmunds.com. Whether the revamped Explorer can revive sagging sales -- they
really began to plummet in 2005 -- will be closely watched for signs of how the
recession has altered consumer tastes.

During the truck's heyday of the late '90s and early '00s, Ford sold more than
400,000 Explorers annually. But in 2000, congressional hearings highlighting
rollover accidents involving the Explorer and Firestone tires tarnished its
reputation. The company made the truck less prone to roll over, and it continued
to sell more than 400,000 annually into 2001 and 2002. But increasing
competition and the growing worries over oil dependence caused by the Iraq war,
as well as the growing conservation ethic, eventually squashed its sales. Last
year, only 52,000 were sold, according to figures from Edmunds.com.

Some said Ford's decision to relaunch the Explorer showed that the demand for
bigness -- big homes, big cars, big meals -- has revived.

"Obviously, it was too soon to write the obituary for excessive consumption,"
said John DeCicco, senior lecturer at the University of Michigan and a former
senior fellow for automotive strategies at the Environmental Defense Fund. "It
was naive to think that a spike in gas prices in '08 would usher us into a new
era."

But given the demand, DeCicco praised Ford's decision to meet it with a more
fuel-efficient vehicle.

"All of the industry has been chastened now," he said.

Ford officials said the new Explorer has two primary advantages over the old.
First, though its size hasn't been reduced -- it now seats seven instead of five
-- it gets better fuel economy. With the standard V-6 engine it is expected to
get about 17 1/2  miles per gallon in the city and about 25 on the highway -- up
from 14 city and 20 highway. Second, it offers a far smoother ride, they said.

"We want to change people's perceptions of what an SUV can deliver," Fields
said.

In marketing the new vehicle, too, Ford is tapping into the growing public
recognition of how important the industry is to the economy, touting 1,200 jobs
added to the Chicago plant where it will be assembled. The federal government's
decision to bailout Ford's domestic rivals, Chrysler and General Motors, was
underpinned by studies showing how many jobs in the U.S. economy depend on the
auto industry. On Monday, when the redesign will be made public, Ford Executive
Chairman Bill Ford is expected to be in Chicago.

Company officials said about 600 more jobs will be created at suppliers, which
number more than 100 across 23 states. About 65 percent of the value of an
Explorer is created by the suppliers, and about 90 percent of the current
Explorer is considered domestic content, Ford says.

Moreover, as the Obama administration seeks to double  U.S. exports, Ford has
noted that the Explorer is the company's most popular export. The top countries
to which the United States exports vehicles are Canada, Germany, Mexico, Saudi
Arabia and China, according to figures from the American Automotive Policy
Council.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE; Jeff Kowalsky/ Bloomberg; Ford Motor Co. will unveil on Monday the
results of the "extreme makeover" of the Explorer.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             303 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            July 21, 2010 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Makeup of panels studying runaway vehicles criticized;
Limited expertise in electronics concerns auto-safety experts

BYLINE: Kimberly Kindy

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 535 words


Auto-safety experts are criticizing the makeup of two  advisory panels charged
with determining the role of electronics in the sudden, unintended acceleration
of vehicles.

There are no electronics experts on Toyota Motor Corp.'s seven-member panel and
just three on the National Academies' 12-member panel.

"The outcome and recommendations from these committees will be shaped by who
serves on them," said Joan Claybrook, former head of the National Highway
Traffic Safety Administration and president emeritus of Public Citizen, the
consumer advocacy group. "There is a real absence of engineering expertise,
particularly in this area of electronics."

The panels were created in response to congressional hearings this spring that
focused on why runaway vehicles were on the rise and why the federal government
failed to address the problem. Ninety-three people have died in collisions
involving the reported sudden, unintended acceleration of Toyota vehicles,
according to NHTSA data. More than 10 million of the manufacturer's vehicles
have been recalled.

Former U.S. transportation  chief Rodney E. Slater, who chairs Toyota's panel,
defended his appointments, saying he wanted people with experience on similar
panels and broad knowledge about automotive technology.

"I was looking for people who have the ability to reach out to other experts and
reserve judgment," Slater said. "I'm proud of this panel. They have a wealth of
experience, and we will be seeking out electronics experts and other experts
during the course of our work."

Auto-safety experts fear that conflicts of interests involving four members of
the National Academies panel will taint its findings.

Two members with electrical expertise spent most of their engineering careers at
Ford Motor Co., which ranks just below Toyota in the incidence of runaway
vehicles.

"There are two members for whom we have disclosed conflicts of interest that are
unavoidable," said Stephen R. Godwin, a director with the National Academies'
Transportation Research Board. "You have to understand how the industry
operates, and the committee needs to know what questions to ask."

Watchdog groups are also concerned about a panel member whose son and business
partner once worked for Exponent, which has conducted recent research for
Toyota. The research rejected electronics and malfunctioning throttles as the
cause of sudden acceleration.

The National Academies group removed one panel member, former NHTSA
administrator Nicole Nason. Nason led the agency when it was asked to take a
more aggressive role with the runaway acceleration but failed to do so.

Godwin said the National Academies group is planning to add three members with
electronics expertise but did not say when they would be appointed.

"If the safety community wouldn't have raised a fuss, would they have agreed to
add new people?" said Clarence Ditlow, executive director of the Center for Auto
Safety. "If they have three new people from the auto industry, I would find that
disappointing."

The National Academies committee must submit a final report to NHTSA in 18
months.

Slater said the Toyota panel has about a one-year timeline. He said he hopes to
consult with the National Academies committee.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Alex Brandon/associated Press; Recent research for Toyota
rejected electronics and malfunctioning throttles as the cause of sudden
acceleration.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             304 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 19, 2010 Monday
                                Suburban Edition

Nation Digest

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 630 words

Big auto firms want to put brakes on law

Mom-and-pop repair shops in Massachusetts are pushing a bill that would require
auto manufacturers to provide, at a price, all the diagnostic and software
information they make available to their dealerships.

Massachusetts would become the first state to approve the so-called auto
right-to-repair law. The Senate recently passed it, and it's pending in the
House. Industry observers say passage of the bill in Massachusetts could drive
similar legislative efforts in other states.

Car dealers and manufacturers, including Honda, have vigorously opposed the
right-to-repair bill on the federal level and in other states, such as New
Jersey and Arizona. They say the push for the bill isn't about consumers but
about auto parts.

A spokesman for the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, an association of 11
vehicle manufacturers including Chrysler Group, Ford Motor and General Motors,
said aftermarket parts companies are seeking information that would enable them
to make inexpensive parts in foreign countries without incurring research and
development costs.

"This is a thinly veiled attempt by parts manufacturers to lower the cost of
remanufacturing original equipment of manufacturer parts," alliance spokesman
Charles Territo said.

Supporters of the bill say it's about giving consumers choices.

"Consumers pay a lot of money for cars, and they should be able to choose where
they can get them repaired," said Art Kinsman, spokesman for the Right to Repair
Coalition, which represents more than 1,000 Massachusetts mechanics supporting
the legislation.

Midsize and large repair shops also have said they would benefit from a
right-to-repair law.

-- Associated Press

International sales promising for Boeing

Boeing said it sees potential for international orders for 30 of its C-17
military transport aircraft over the next five years.

The 30 planes would include orders from India, Britain, NATO countries and the
Middle East, said Mark Kronenberg, vice president of international business
development for the company's defense unit.

Boeing aims to boost revenue from international sales to 25 percent of its total
within five years, Dennis Muilenburg, the defense unit's president, said in
London. Foreign sales now account for about 16 percent of Boeing's defense
revenue.

The 30 airplanes include India's request for 10 made in February and potentially
some more, Kronenberg said, without specifying a number. India may sign a letter
of acceptance by the end of the year, signaling progress, he said. United Arab
Emirates ordered six of the transport planes in January, and Qatar took delivery
of two aircraft last year.

Boeing is seeking more international orders for the C-17 as the United States is
looking to end further purchases of the planes. Defense Secretary Robert M.
Gates has asked Congress not to add more money for C-17s in the 2011 defense
budget. Last year, Congress rejected the Pentagon's request to stop funding the
airplanes and added $2.5 billion to buy 10 more planes in addition to the 205 on
order.

-- Bloomberg News

Bone-marrow drive for 'Lion King' star

A bone-marrow drive for an 11-year-old "Lion King" star with leukemia has turned
out to be one of the hottest matinees on Broadway. Some 385 people registered as
bone-marrow donors in hopes of helping Shannon Tavarez.

Shannon played the role of Young Nala the lion cub in "The Lion King" for seven
months before the blood-cell cancer was diagnosed in April.

Her best shot at recovering and returning to the theater is a bone-marrow
transplant, which requires a genetic match.

The bone-marrow registry DKMS held a bone-marrow drive at St. Malachy's Catholic
Church in New York.

Shannon won the role of Young Nala in an open audition -- her first.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Dario Cantatore/getty Images; NEW YORK The water was fine for
athletes diving into the Hudson River during the 1,500-meter swim portion of
Sunday's 10th annual Nautica New York City Triathlon. Participants then
completed a 40k bike ride along Manhattan's West Side and a 10k run through
Central Park.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             305 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 18, 2010 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Roving the range with deep pockets

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 662 words


India's Tata Motors is keenly aware that no one needs an $80,000 sport-utility
vehicle that gets 14 miles per gallon and requires premium gasoline, which is
why Tata has gone out of its way to make prospective buyers want it.

What we're discussing here is an object of pure lust, the 2010 edition of the
Land Rover Range Rover Sport Supercharged with options, possibly the most
luxurious of full-size SUVs.

Tata Motors, part of a Mumbai-based multinational conglomerate that acquired
Land Rover from Ford Motor in 2008, makes no pretense that the vehicle is meant
for anything other than enjoyment and prestige. This is the SUV as ceremonial
elephant.

Step in. The Range Rover Sport Supercharged smells rich. It is the aroma of
Windsor premium leather and straight-grain walnut -- leather on the instrument
panel, and on the seats with contrast stitching; matte-finished wood that gives
the impression the floor-mounted center console and other interior elements were
carved from the soul of a walnut tree.

Under its tutelage, Ford emphasized the technical prowess of the Range Rover
line. Buttons and dials were all over the instrument panel and center console.
The feeling was more aircraft flight deck than luxury coach. Tata has changed
that, giving the Sport Supercharged fewer buttons with greater ease of use.

It matters not that underneath its considerable finery, the Sport Supercharged
remains a truck with a hydro-formed, box-steel ladder-frame. (Tutorial:
Hydro-forming, widely used in the automobile industry, employs high-pressure
hydraulic fluid in the shaping and strengthening of complex pieces of malleable
metals.)

So, yes, the new Range Rover Sport Supercharged remains tough. It can acquit
itself in off-road travel. But who, in his or her right mind, would attempt such
a thing? It would be akin to planning an evening at a landfill in black tie or
gown.

I was tempted. Remodeling of the minor sort continues apace on our Northern
Virginia house. Such endeavors yield lots of trash -- and much aging junk that
never should have been bought in the first place. I was planning to load the
Range Rover for several runs to the Fairfax County Landfill in Lorton.

But I couldn't bring myself to do it.

The vehicle was too pretty, too precious. Also, it was less accommodating for
dirty duty than, say, a GMC Yukon SLT, available for roughly $30,000 less than
the Range Rover Sport Supercharged. The Yukon has a maximum 109 cubic feet of
cargo space. The Range Rover gives you a maximum of 71 cubic feet, which means
it is far more "sport" than "utility."

But that is exactly the point, which raises the question: How do you make a
ceremonial elephant dance? In the case of the Range Rover Sport Supercharged,
carrying a factory weight of 5,816 pounds, you give it a big V-8 engine and a
sophisticated suspension (four-wheel independent, double wishbone front-rear,
ride control and height adjustable) designed to make it appear nimble.

This almost works. The supercharged 5-liter, 32-valve V-8 (510 horsepower, 461
foot-pounds of torque) installed in the Range Rover Sport (thus the
"Supercharged" moniker for this one) is an undoubtedly robust engine. It
produces such thrust you almost have to warn passengers before tapping the
accelerator. The thing is fast.

It's not nimble. It remains a truck, and trucks, by genetics and design, remain
the elephants of the vehicle world.

Real-world experience says you don't want to drive the Range Rover Sport
Supercharged in congested, contentious urban traffic. It's still too big, too
heavy and too clumsy to find true happiness in that sort of outing. Nor would
you, or should you, attempt to take tight curves at high speeds in this one.

The Sport Supercharged comes admirably equipped with compensatory electronics --
patented "All-terrain Dynamic Stability Control," cornering brake control, and
emergency braking assistance. But not one of them is engineered to overcome the
laws of physics.

Brown is a special correspondent.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Photo By Land Rover

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             306 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 7, 2010 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

AUTOMOTIVE

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 62 words


301,524 vehicles

Ford sets a sales record in China

Ford said it sold a record-setting number of vehicles in China during the first
six months of 2010, up 53 percent from the period in 2009. The company said its
sales were fueled by the new Fiesta subcompact car. Changan Ford Mazda
Automobile, a joint venture where Ford makes Mazdas, above, drove sales.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Aly Song/reuters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             307 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 4, 2010 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Right car, right time. Can the marketplace be wrong?

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 715 words


It is the motorized equivalent of a good pair of jeans -- well sewn, good fit,
comfortable, durable and affordable. That's why Ford has sold more than 12
million Fiestas worldwide since 1976. It is the first car many people want to
slip into when they have to go somewhere.

In Europe, Asia, South America and South Africa, that makes perfectly good
sense. Many European and Asian streets are narrow. Parking space is at a
premium. The Fiesta is a subcompact that moves well through narrow passages and
fits easily into tight parking spaces. You feel confident driving it in
congested environments.

I've been in Ford Fiesta subcompacts all over the world, even in Kazakhstan,
where my Russian hosts ferried me around the little town of Balkash. They were
well-educated but economically struggling people trying to make ends meet. Their
tan late-1980s Fiesta served their purposes. "It works, and when it breaks, it's
easy to fix," the husband of the household said.

Functional humility has value where the ability to function, simply to get from
one place to another, can mean the difference between work or no work, food or
hunger, fun or another day of life in a drab apartment complex. For millions of
people worldwide, the little Fiesta has been that difference.

But that hasn't been the case in the United States. The Fiesta was last sold
here in 1980, rejected by consumers as too small and too cheaply made to
compete.

Ford now believes that time and circumstance, combined with advances in
small-car design and engineering, have changed that reality, and it is
reintroducing the Fiesta to the domestic market. It's a risky move, as indicated
by empirical observations gathered from my Washington-Baltimore week in a "red
candy metallic clear-coat" 2011 Ford Fiesta SE hatchback.

Here's the deal:

In the late 1970s, when car companies worldwide were scurrying to respond to
fuel shortages and rising fuel prices, Ford and General Motors responded by
tapping their European subsidiaries for loss-leader versions of their subcompact
automobiles. Ford of Europe contributed the Fiesta (and later the Escort). Opel,
GM's European subsidiary, gave us the Kadett.

Both cars were treated as throwaway products by Ford and GM dealers. Customers
who bought them (me included, with the Opel Kadett) responded accordingly --
buying them as low-cost, ultimately expendable wheels.

In the case of the Fiesta, it's going to be a challenge to remove that
experience from U.S. consumer memory. And it hardly matters, apparently, that
the new Fiesta is far superior to the circa-1980 version.

The new Fiesta certainly is more aerodynamically designed and more attractive
than its square-faced predecessors. The interior in the SE hatchback driven for
this column is stoically simple in presentation. But it's well-assembled,
ergonomically sensible, and designed to handle iPods, iPads, laptops and
practically all other electronic equipment available.

In the case of most subcompact economy cars, it's oxymoronic to speak of
performance and handling. But it's okay to do so with the 2011 Fiesta. This car
actually is "fun-to-drive."

Steering is effortless, precise. The standard five-speed gearbox shifts
smoothly. The 1.6-liter inline four-cylinder gasoline engine (119 horsepower,
109 foot-pounds of torque) won't garner praise from racing enthusiasts. But it
runs well enough for the city and, driven with common sense (right lane, middle
lane -- left lane only when needed), does nicely on the highway, too.

Overall fit and finish are excellent. Fuel economy is good, at 28 miles per
gallon in the city and 37 on the highway. And the Fiesta runs well with regular
gasoline. Thus, it seems that the new Fiesta should be a winner in a troubled
U.S. economy aggravated by energy problems.

But a U.S. consumer reared on cheap gasoline and a bigger-is-better mentality
remains a dangerous thing, even in a retail market whacked by the highest
unemployment rate in decades and threatened by rising fuel prices.

Many people gave the Fiesta favorable nods during my drive week. But many others
gave it the boot. "It's too small," the detractors said. Others called it a
"girlie car." And still others, with oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico and
gasoline prices inching upward, commented: "It doesn't have enough power."

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Ford/wieck

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             308 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 4, 2010 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

2011 Ford Fiesta SE;
2011 Ford Fiesta SE

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 353 words


Bottom line: The Fiesta is a welcome and worthy addition to the U.S.
subcompact-car market. But it remains to be seen whether it and its rivals --
models such as the Honda Fit, Nissan Versa and Toyota Yaris -- will be here for
generations, or only until Americans reacquaint themselves with optimism and the
belief, however flawed, in endless economic growth and cheap oil.

Ride, acceleration and handling: The Fiesta is a joy in city traffic. It's
tight, agile. It rides well on poorly maintained streets (MacPherson strut
suspension up front, twist beam in the rear). Acceleration is more than good
enough for the city, adequate on the highway.

Head-turning quotient: It's cute (some translate that as "girlie").

Body style/layout: A front-engine, front-wheel-drive subcompact economy car
available as a sedan or hatchback.

Engine/transmission: It comes with a 1.6-liter, 16-valve (variable valve timing)
in-line four-cylinder engine. A five-speed manual transmission is standard at
this writing. An optional six-speed automatic, which also can be shifted
manually, will be available in late summer or early fall.

Capacities: Seats for five. Luggage capacity with rear seats up is 15.4 cubic
feet. With rear seats down, luggage capacity is 26 cubic feet, still below that
of rivals such as the Honda Fit. The fuel tank holds 12 gallons; regular
gasoline is recommended.

Mileage: I kept this one mostly in the city, where I averaged 27 miles per
gallon -- one mile below its federal mileage rating.

Safety: Front disc and rear drum brakes are standard and more than adequate,
though I would prefer four-wheel discs. Other standard equipment includes
four-wheel anti-lock brake protection, side and head air bags, and electronic
stability and traction control.

Price: The 2011 Ford Fiesta SE hatchback starts at $15,120. Dealer's invoice on
that model is $14,578. Price as tested is $15,975, including $180 for the
optional "red candy metallic clear-coat" paint job and a $675 destination
charge. Dealer's price as tested is $15,409. (For those of you who asked: You're
better off with a portable navigation device in this one.)

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             309 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 1, 2010 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

AUTOMOTIVE

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 50 words

Ford to cut more debt

Ford Motor Co., the only Detroit automaker to avoid bankruptcy protection, said
Wednesday that it will reduce its huge debt by an additional $4 billion as it
continues to show signs of financial strength. Its shares rose 51 cents, or 5.1
percent, to $10.39 in afternoon trading.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; David Zalubowski/associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             310 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 25, 2010 Friday
                                 Every Edition

Also Playing

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. WE19

LENGTH: 1497 words

ALSO PLAYING

Prices are for the entire run of the show; Individual shows may vary.

The District

COMPLETELY HOLLYWOOD (ABRIDGED) The Reduced Shakespeare Company takes on 197
movies in 100 minutes, through July 11. Friday and Tuesday-Thursday at 7:30,
Saturday and Sunday at 2 and 7:30. Kennedy Center, Terrace Theater, 2700 F St.
NW. 202-467-4600. 800-444-1324. http://www.kennedy-center.org. $39-$49.

IT'S LONELY OUT IN SPACE Rocketman buys drinks from an astronaut and considers
making a phone call that could change fate. Part of the Source Festival, through
July 3. Monday and Thursday at 8. Source, 1835 14th St. NW. 202-204-7800.
http://www.sourcedc.org. $18.

IT'S ME YOU SHOULD BLAME AND A GREAT(ER) DEPRESSION Part of the Source Festival,
through Saturday. Saturday at 4. Source, 1835 14th St. NW. 202-204-7800.
http://www.sourcedc.org. $18.

JOHNNY MEISTER AND THE STITCH Solas Nua presents a dark, funny, poetic and
brutally honest tragedy from the back streets of Northern Ireland, through July
17. Saturday at 7 and 10, Thursday at 8. Flashpoint, 916 G St. NW. 800-494-8497.
http://www.solasnua.org. $20.

MARY POPPINS The original stories by P.L. Travers and the Walt Disney film are
combined in the Tony-winning musical about a magical nanny, through Aug. 22.
Thursday at 7:30. Kennedy Center, Opera House, 2700 F St. NW. 202-467-4600.
800-444-1324. http://www.kennedy-center.org. $25-$135.

MEMORIA BRASSICA AND BUNNY, BUNNY Part of the Source Festival, through Saturday.
Friday at 8 and Saturday at 1. Source, 1835 14th St. NW. 202-204-7800.
http://www.sourcedc.org. $18.

NEW JERUSALEM Baruch de Spinoza, philosopher and accused apostate, faces
excommunication from the Jewish community in this witty theological drama,
through July 25. Saturday at 8, Sunday at 3, Monday-Thursday at 7:30. Theater J,
1529 16th St. NW. 800-494-8497. http://www.theaterj.org. $30-$55.

ONE DESTINY Actor Harry Hawk and Harry Ford, co-owner of Ford's Theatre, grapple
with whether they could have changed the course of history, through July 15.
Tuesday at 11:30 and noon. Ford's Theatre, 511 10th St. NW. 202-347-4833.
http://www.fordstheatre.org. $5.

SHEAR MADNESS The audience joins the fun in this performance based on a murder
in a hair salon, Friday at 8, Saturday at 6 and 9, Sunday at 3 and 7,
Monday-Wednesday at 8, Thursday at 2 and 8. Kennedy Center, Theater Lab, 2700 F
St. NW. 202-467-4600. 800-444-1324. http://www.kennedy-center.org. $42.

SPLINTERS Sam's family falls apart when her sister goes missing. Part of the
Source Festival, through July 3. Tuesday at 8. Source, 1835 14th St. NW.
202-204-7800. http://www.sourcedc.org. $18.

THERE ARE LITTLE KINGDOMS The Keegan Theatre's New Island Project presents a
bittersweet comedy that shows an average day in an Irish town, through July 7.
Saturday at 3, Sunday-Wednesday at 8. Church Street Theater, 1742 Church St. NW.
703-892-0202. http://www.keegantheatre.com. $25, $20 students and seniors.

THIS IS NOT A TIME BOMB Three prep-school boys discuss race, wealth, weed and
hip-hop. Part of the Source Festival, through July 3. Sunday and Wednesday at 8.
Source, 1835 14th St. NW. 202-204-7800. http://www.sourcedc.org. $18.

Maryland

CREAM SODA AND CRÃ[#x2c6]ME DE MENTHE A semi-autobiographical one-woman play by
Caleen Sinnette Jennings, through Friday. Friday at 8. Round House
Theatre/Silver Spring, 8641 Colesville Rd., Silver Spring. 240-644-1100.
http://www.roundhousetheatre.org. $15, $10 seniors and patrons 30 and younger.

HAMLET Presented by the Chesapeake Shakespeare Company, through July 25. Friday
and Saturday at 8. Patapsco Female Institute Historic Park, 3691 Sarah's Lane,
Ellicott City. 410-313-8874. http://www.chesapeakeshakespeare.com. $25-$30, $23
seniors, $15 students younger than 25, younger than 18 free with paying adult.

MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING Chesapeake Shakespeare Company presents Shakespeare's
comedy, through July 11. Sunday at 5 and Thursday at 8. Patapsco Female
Institute Historic Park, 3691 Sarah's Lane, Ellicott City. 410-313-8874.
http://www.chesapeakeshakespeare.com. $25-$30, $23 seniors, $15 students younger
than 25, age 18 and younger free with paying adult.

ONCE UPON A TIME . . . AGAIN AND A THREE RING FIASCO Presented by ArtStream
OnStage, through Sunday. Friday at 7:30, Saturday and Sunday at 2:30. Asbury
Methodist Village's Rosborough Cultural Arts and Wellness Center, 409 Russell
Ave., Gaithersburg. http://www.art-stream.org. $10, $5 students.

THE SECRET GARDEN Presented by 2nd Star Productions, through Sunday. Friday at
8, Saturday at 8, Sunday at 3. Bowie Playhouse, 16500 White Marsh Park Dr.,
Bowie. 410-757-5700. 301-832-4819. http://www.2ndstarproductions.com. $20, $17
seniors and students.

SIGNATURE SINGS: 2005-2009 Signature Theatre's stars present an evening of songs
from the company's musical productions from 2005-2009, through Sunday. Sunday at
7:30. Mansion at Strathmore, 10701 Rockville Pike, North Bethesda. 301-581-5100.
http://www.strathmore.org. $28.

Virginia

THE ADVENTURES OF UNCLE RABBIT Uncle Rabbit finds pleasure in tricking his
neighbors, through Aug. 20. Friday at 11, Saturday and Sunday at 12:30. Synetic
Family Theatre, 4041 Campbell Ave., Arlington. 800-494-8497.
http://www.classika.org. $12 in advance, $15 at the door.

CLASSICAL CABARET Performed by 7 Sopranos, sponsored by the Alexandria
Performing Arts Association, through Sunday. Sunday at 7. The Lyceum, 201 S.
Washington St., Alexandria. 703-746-4994. http://www.alexandriahistory.org.
Free.

SUBURBAN MOTEL 1st Stage presents a pair of one-act comedies set in a seedy
motel, through July 3. Friday at 8, Saturday at 2 and 8 and Sunday at 2 and 7.
1st Stage, 1524 Spring Hill Rd., McLean. 703-854-1856.
http://www.1ststagetysons.org. $25, $15 students.

Community Theater

BYE BYE BIRDIE Stroyka Theater Company presents the classic musical, through
Sunday. Friday at 8, Saturday at 8, Sunday at 3. U.S. Navy Memorial Heritage
Center, Burke Theater, 701 Pennsylvania Ave. NW. 301-490-4468.
http://www.stroykatheater.com. $25, $20 students and seniors.

THE 25TH ANNUAL PUTNAM COUNTY SPELLING BEE Six adolescents battle in a spelling
championship. The cast competes against one another and the audience, through
July 25. Friday-Sunday and Thursday at 8:30. Annapolis Summer Garden Theatre,
143 Compromise St., Annapolis. 410-268-9212. http://www.summergarden.com. $18.

THE DIVINERS Hard Bargain Players presents a play about people dealing with
sudden tragedy, through Saturday. Friday at 8, Saturday at 8. Hard Bargain Farm,
2001 Bryan Point Rd., Accokeek. 301-292-5727. http://www.hbplayers.org. $10, $8
students and seniors.

NVTA 2010 ONE-ACT PLAY FESTIVAL through Sunday. Friday at 7:30, Saturday at
7:30, Sunday at 6. James Lee Community Center Theater, 2855 Annandale Rd., Falls
Church. 703-615-6626. http://www.nvtaweb.org. $14 two or three one-act plays,
$35 festival pass.

Dinner Theater

ALWAYS PATSY CLINE Friday-Saturday at 6, Sunday at 10:30 and 5. A tribute to the
country singer based on a story about Cline's friendship with a fan from
Houston, through July 25. Toby's Dinner Theatre, 5625 O'Donnell St., Baltimore.
800-888-6297. 410-649-1660. http://www.tobysdinnertheatre.com. $46-$51.

HAIRSPRAY Friday-Saturday at 6, Sunday at 10:30 and 5, Tuesday-Thursday at 6,
through Aug. 1. Toby's Dinner Theatre, 5900 Symphony Woods Rd., Columbia.
800-888-6297. 301-596-6161. http://www.tobysdinnertheatre.com. $46-$51.

Comedy

THE CAPITOL STEPS Friday at 7:30, Saturday at 7:30. Ronald Reagan Building &
International Trade Center, 1300 Pennsylvania Ave. NW. 202-397-7328.
http://www.capsteps.com. $33-$35.

TONY WOODS Friday and Saturday at 8 and 10:30, through Saturday. Improv, 1140
Connecticut Ave. NW. 202-296-7008. http://www.dcimprov.com. $17.

THE BLANKS Friday at 10 and Saturday at 7:30. Arlington Cinema 'N' Drafthouse,
2903 Columbia Pike, Arlington. 703-486-2345. http://www.arlingtondrafthouse.com.
$24.

ANDY HAYNES AND JON MUMMA Saturday at 8. Hyatt Laugh Riot, Hyatt Regency Hotel,
7400 Wisconsin Ave., Bethesda. 301-657-1234. http://www.standupcomedytogo.com.
$10.

DONNELL RAWLINGS Thursday at 8, through July 3. Improv, 1140 Connecticut Ave.
NW. 202-296-7008. http://www.dcimprov.com. $20.

KYLE GROOMS Thursday at 8. Station 9, 1438 U St. NW. 202-667-1661.
http://www.metrocomedy.com. $20.

DANCE

  WORD DANCE THEATER Saturday at 8 and Sunday at 7. A multimedia production
inspired by the life of Isadora Duncan. Dance Place, 3225 Eighth St. NE.
202-269-1600. http://www.danceplace.org. $22, $17 seniors and students, $8 ages
2 to 17.

DEVIATED THEATRE Sunday at 8. Deviated Theatre presents "Sway" a dance set in a
purgatorial nightclub where the regulars are caught in a temporal suspension
between heaven and hell. Bishop Ireton High School, Whaley Auditorium, 201
Cambridge Rd., Alexandria. 703-593-8633. http://www.deviatedtheatre.org. $20, or
two for $30.

FURIA FLAMENCA Wednesday at noon. Sidney Harman Hall, 610 F St. NW.
202-547-1122. 877-487-8849. http://www.shakespearetheatre.org. Free.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Prince George's County

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             311 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 25, 2010 Friday
                                Regional Edition

Local Digest

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 461 words

AUTOMOTIVE

Volkswagen executive said to be joining Volvo

Stefan Jacoby, president and chief executive of Herndon-based Volkswagen Group
of America, has been replaced as his contract talks with the company continue --
and after a report that he has been hired to run Volvo.

The duties of Jacoby, the public face of the German automaker's ambitious U.S.
expansion plans, will be handled by Michael Lohscheller, the U.S. unit's
executive vice president and chief financial officer, and Mark Barnes, its chief
operating officer, until his contract is "clarified," Volkswagen said in a
statement Thursday.

Meanwhile, the German newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, citing "well
informed circles," reported that Jacoby had been hired to run the Swedish
carmaker Volvo. Volvo spokesman Per-Ake Froberg said the company would have "no
comment for the moment."

Ford Motor is selling Volvo to Chinese automaker Geely Holding Group, with the
sale due to close in the third quarter.

Volkswagen's U.S. expansion plans include construction of a factory in
Chattanooga, Tenn., that will build midsize cars.

-- Associated Press

EXECUTIVES

Lockheed names counsel, director

 Lockheed Martin's board of directors has named Maryanne R. Lavan as the defense
contractor's senior vice president and general counsel.

Lavan, now vice president of internal audit, succeeds James Comey, who is
joining the investment firm Bridgewater Associates.

The Bethesda-based contractor also said Thursday that Kimberly-Clark's chairman
and chief executive, Thomas J. Falk, has been elected to its board. Falk, 52,
has been with the consumer products maker for 27 years.

-- Associated Press

BIOTECH

Emergent delivers anthrax vaccine

 Rockville-based Emergent BioSolutions said Thursday that it has completed
deliveries of its BioThrax anthrax vaccine to several governments and that the
sales will bring in $2.3 million in revenue during the second quarter.

BioThrax is the only Food and Drug Administration-approved anthrax vaccine,
Emergent said. The U.S. government has ordered 42 million doses since 1998, the
company said, with more than 9.5 million doses given to members of the military.

-- Associated Press

CONTRACTING

Lockheed unit wins State Dept. work

Lockheed Martin Corp. said Thursday that one of its business units was chosen to
take part in a five-year contract worth up to $500 million to provide training
and other services for the State Department.

The contract, awarded to Pacific Architects and Engineers, covers the training
and equipping of African peacekeepers and upgrading of facilities used by those
forces. Lockheed is in the process of selling Pacific Architects and Engineers.
The company is one of four that will compete for task orders under the contract.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; VW America CEO Stefan Jacoby.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             312 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 13, 2010 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Delivering just enough for the city

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 564 words


I'm a little guy who normally hauls little stuff. I often look foolish in big
trucks with big engines, especially in city traffic. But I get paid to drive
them.

What I've noticed in my years of writing about cars and trucks is that lots of
little guys worldwide spend their workdays hauling little stuff -- usually in
congested cities where big pickup trucks and vans make little sense. They use
little trucks, or other smallish conveyances that better fit their work and
living environments.

One of those little trucks, in wide use in Western Europe, is the Ford Transit
Connect. It has an appearance reminiscent of the Colorado River basin's humpback
chub, a small fish with a long snout and a pronounced hump behind its head.

The humpback chub is built more for maneuvering between rock crevices and
through other small spaces than it is for speed. The design of the Transit
Connect is based on a similar concept. It is meant to move efficiently through
man-made canyons of concrete and steel -- to pick up and deliver without
appreciably worsening the congestion found in those places.

But the Transit Connect, equipped with a 2-liter four-cylinder engine (136
horsepower, 128 foot-pounds of torque), also fares well on expressways and
highways, assuming it's driven with a modicum of common sense. That means
maintaining residence in the slower lanes -- right and middle. It means staying
out of the acceleration lane, the left lane, unless it is absolutely necessary
to use that strip.

I fell in love with the Transit Connect in London and Rome, where I noticed its
ability to deliver and collect goods with much greater ease than larger trucks.
The little trucks were in and out of pickup and delivery spots in a fraction of
the time of the big trucks, many of which were carrying similar amounts and
types of packaged and bundled goods.

The Transit Connect simply makes more sense in urban spaces. It's to Ford's
credit that its executives have overcome the bigger-is-better mentality of the
truck market in the United States and brought the Transit Connect here.

It's also a risky business decision in an environment where the urban
transportation of anything, including flowers, seems to require a medium-size or
large truck, van, or sport-utility vehicle with six, eight or more cylinders.

Maybe, now that "going green" is American chic, the little Transit Connect has a
chance of making it in a country that grew fat and rich by supersizing
everything from hamburgers to houses.

I hope so.

I drove a 2010 Transit Connect panel van for a week and am eagerly looking
forward to driving future models, especially if Ford decides to bring a diesel
version to these shores.

Today's advanced diesel engines come with low tailpipe and noise pollution. They
also are 30 percent more fuel-efficient than gasoline-powered models. Installed
in the Transit Connect, that means a delivery truck with big utility, a small
footprint, reduced tailpipe and noise pollution, and increased fuel efficiency
in an urban setting.

There also is the possibility of a gas-electric hybrid, or an all-electric
model.

Am I proselytizing here? Yes.

Not all trucks need long wheelbases, wide tracks or body-on-frame construction.
Not all of them need six-, eight- or 10-cylinder engines. It's time to end
automotive overkill in the nation's cities. The Transit Connect is a way to
start.

Brown is a special correspondent.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Ford Motor Via Wieck

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             313 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 13, 2010 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

2010 Ford Transit Connect XLT;
2010 Ford Transit Connect XLT

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 385 words


Bottom line: One size, of course, does not fit all. But that's one size, large
or small. Trying to get around delivery trucks on D.C. or Manhattan streets
would be a heck of a lot easier with trucks configured like the Transit Connect
than with trucks having unnecessarily large engines and bodies.

Ride, acceleration and handling: All three are good, depending on HOW the
Transit Connect is used. This isn't a go-kart or sports car. It can easily be
modified for personal use. But its main purpose is to pick up and deliver loads
in congested spaces without using much fuel. It does this quite well, as I
discovered in the transportation of new furniture and equipment for my home
office.

Head-turning quotient: It attracted the attention of small-business owners
everywhere I went in Northern Virginia. They literally were crawling in and out
of the thing, trying to figure out how they could use it on their pickup and
delivery routes.

Body style/layout: A compact, front-wheel-drive, front-engine pickup-delivery
truck. It has two seats up front (a second row of seats is optional) and a
large, high-roofed cargo area in the rear. The cargo section can be configured
in many ways for a variety of needs. Standard rear doors are the swing-out type.

Engine/transmission: The standard engine currently offered in the United States
is a 2-liter in-line four-cylinder with a maximum 136 horsepower and 128
foot-pounds of torque. It is mated to a four-speed automatic transmission.

Capacities: Standard seating for two, optional for two more. The two-seat model
has a maximum 135.3 cubic feet of cargo space. It can carry a payload of 1,600
pounds. Fuel capacity is 15.4 gallons (regular gasoline is recommended).

Fuel economy: You get 20 miles a gallon in the city and 25 on the highway
unloaded. Actual mileage depends on cargo load, road conditions and speed.

Safety: Standard equipment includes ventilated front disc brakes, rear drum
brakes, four-wheel anti-lock brake protection, and side air bags in addition to
front bags for driver and front passenger. Electronic stability and traction
control are optional.

Price: Base price is $22,245; dealer price, $20,178. Price as tested is $24,925,
including $1,985 in options and a $695 destination charge. Dealer's price as
tested is $23,059. A $500 rebate is available.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             314 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 9, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Every Edition

Distinguished All-Met;
Presented to a former All-Met who has made significant contributions to his or
her field

BYLINE: Camille Powell

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. J01

LENGTH: 331 words


When John Thompson III was a junior at Gonzaga, he told a reporter that he
didn't envision himself pursuing basketball as a career.

Never mind that he was one of the Eagles' stars, a smooth passing forward who
went on to earn All-Met honors as a senior and graduate as the program's second
all-time leading scorer.

"The NBA isn't a dream for me," he said in that 1983 interview with The Post.
"I'm not sure what I want to do, but I think TV broadcasting or being a
newscaster would be interesting."

Thompson, of course, did not go into broadcasting. He stayed with the sport that
had been such a part of his life.

At Princeton, he majored in politics and lettered four times in basketball; he
still ranks third on the Tigers' career assist list.

He briefly left basketball behind after college -- he worked for the Ford Motor
Company and a sports marketing firm for a few years -- but eventually returned
to his alma mater as an assistant coach.

He got his first head coaching job in 2000, and promptly led Princeton to the
Ivy League title and the NCAA tournament. Thompson was hired by Georgetown in
2004, and over the next three years he rebuilt the Hoyas into a Big East power.

In his six years on the Hilltop, Thompson has led the Hoyas to a 139-62 record,
back-to-back Big East regular season titles (2007 and 2008), and the 2007 Final
Four. He helped develop two local standouts -- Jeff Green, a 2004 All-Met from
Northwestern in Prince George's County, and Roy Hibbert, a 2004 second-team
All-Met from Georgetown Prep -- into first-round NBA draft picks. And he
established a charitable foundation that serves at-risk children and families.

When Thompson took over at Georgetown, much was made of the fact that he was
leading the program that his Hall of Fame father helped build.

Now he's following in his father's footsteps once again. John Thompson Jr., a
star at Carroll, was named to the All-Met basketball team in 1960, and was
honored as the Distinguished All-Met at the 1988 banquet.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Jonathan Newton / The Washington Post

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             315 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 3, 2010 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

May is a merry month for Big Three

BYLINE: Frank Ahrens

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 474 words


May was a good month for Detroit's Big Three automakers, thanks to individual
and fleet sales, as optimistic buyers returned to car lots across the country.
At the same time, recall-plagued Toyota might have begun to feel consumer
blowback: The Japanese auto giant cut back on buyer incentives last month and
saw sales slow down. General Motors, Ford and Chrysler all enjoyed double-digit
sales gains compared with May 2009, which was the month GM went into bankruptcy
and one month after Chrysler did the same, so the May 2010 sales numbers are
coming off lows. Buyer incentives in May sales averaged $2,603, more than $300
less than in May 2009, according to Edmunds.com. Fleet sales rose to 38 percent
of GM's total sales. That's good for volume, but not for profit, as fleet sales
are low-margin. GM said it hopes to end this year with 25 percent of its sales
to fleets. Ford's fleet sales rose 32 percent, slightly higher than the company
would like.

22%

F-SERIES PICKUP, MUSTANG LIFT FORD

Ford, the only one of Detroit's Big Three to pass up federal bailout money, has
been the big auto winner of the Great Recession. May was the sixth straight
month in which Ford sales rose at least 20 percent over the previous year. Ford
upped its second-quarter production goal by 15,000 vehicles and its
third-quarter goal by 80,000 vehicles. May was the Mustang's best sales month
this year. Increasing pickup sales suggests an uptick in the construction
industry. Overall sales were crimped by Mercury, which Ford said Wednesday it
will phase out by the end of the year. Ford might match GM's market share within
a couple of years, analysts said.

--  CHRYSLER: For only the second time in two years, Chrysler sold 100,000
vehicles in a month, thanks to its minivans, pickups and Jeeps. Downside:
Chrysler still has trouble selling sedans and coupes.

6.7%

REDUCED INCENTIVES SLOW TOYOTA GAINS

It looked like consumers didn't care about Toyota's recall of 8 million vehicles
in recent months, after watching the company's strong March and April sales. But
Toyota scaled back buyer incentives in May, and buyers looked elsewhere. Toyota
lost market share last month and sales of its passenger sedans dropped 2
percent. Included in Toyota's recall are its Corolla, Avalon and Camry sedans.
Toyota was helped by lighttruck sales last month, which went up 15 percent.
Toyota's luxury Lexus brand jumped, helping to boost sales 35 percent last
month.

-- GENERAL MOTORS: Sales rose 16.6 percent and would have risen more were the
company completely rid of Pontiac, Saturn and the other brands it's ditching.
Sales of Chevrolets, Cadillacs, GMCs and Buicks rose a combined 32 percent.

-- NISSAN: The Versa, Sentra and Altima sedans led sales up 24.1 percent.

-- HYUNDAI: The South Korean automaker had its best May in history, with sales
rising 33 percent.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             316 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       June 2, 2010 Wednesday 4:59 PM EST

Ford to shutter Mercury brand

BYLINE: Frank Ahrens, Washington Post Staff Writer, washingtonpost.com

LENGTH: 178 words



HIGHLIGHT: Ford said this afternoon that it would kill its low-sales Mercury
brand by the end of the year, ending the badge's 71-year run.


Ford said this afternoon that it would kill its low-sales Mercury brand by the
end of the year, ending the badge's 71-year run.

The car was a creation of Henry Ford's son, Edsel, who developed it in 1939 to
fill the gap between the Ford brand and the luxurious Lincoln.

Ford said it has seen a number of Mercury customers move into Fords in recent
years. Now, it can concentrate its energy on the Ford brand, with its widespread
cost appeal, and its luxury Lincoln line, which has a small market share.

The demise of Mercury has been anticipated for years because the company had
seemed to deprive it of resources and new models. Even before today's news,
Mercury would have been down to only two models by the end of this year.

Mercury has less than 1 percent of the total U.S. auto market share.

Ford hopes to really upscale Lincoln and go head to head with Cadillac, Lexus
and European luxe brands.

Ford has benefited the most from the Great Recession, taking market share from
GM and Chrysler. Ford was the only one of the Big Three automakers to not take a
federal bailout.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2010 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             317 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        June 1, 2010 Tuesday 2:42 PM EST

Feds investigate trapped gas pedals in Ford models

BYLINE: Frank Ahrens, Washington Post Staff Writer, washingtonpost.com

LENGTH: 241 words



HIGHLIGHT: The federal government has opened an investigation into possible
floormat gas-pedal entrapment in the 2010 Ford Fusion and Mercury Milano.


The federal government has opened an investigation into possible floormat
gas-pedal entrapment in the 2010 Ford Fusion and Mercury Milano.

According to the filing at the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration --
which already is using under-employed NASA scientists to find out why Toyota gas
pedals have been sticking -- the agency "has received three complaints of
accelerator pedals being trapped by unsecured 'all weather' floor mats in
current production Model Year 2010 Ford Fusion vehicles."

You read that right: three complaints. That's an indication of how sensitive
NHTSA is in the wake of the Toyota case to not listening to driver complaints
and being in bed with the auto companies it regulates. It may not take a lot to
get a government investigation of an automaker launched these days.

The investigation was opened Friday and after car research site Edmunds.com
experienced floormat entrapment on one of its Fusions. (Note: A car research
firm is not the first group you want noticing a problem that could lead to a
recall.)

There are about 249,000 2010 Fusions and Milanos in operation in the U.S., the
report says.

Ford says the mats in question are accessory mats and they come with
instructions meant to prevent such an occurrence. The automaker said it will
cooperate with the NHTSA probe. It looks like it may be an issue of drivers
placing the accessory mat over the standard mat instead of removing the standard
one first.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2010 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             318 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 30, 2010 Sunday
                                Bulldog Edition

After 71 years, Mercury's aura sputters;
Ford considering a plan to drop the star-studded brand

BYLINE: Peter Whoriskey

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 485 words


To the list of automobile brands abandoned during the economic crisis,
historians might soon add the storied Mercury.

The cars once carried James Dean in "Rebel Without a Cause" and Jack Lord in
"Hawaii Five-O."

But Mercury sales have crashed, its '50s-era mojo has disappeared in the
rearview mirror and Ford is considering a plan to ditch the brand, according to
a company official who declined to be named because the matter has not been
finalized.

If Mercury is indeed dropped, it will join Pontiac, Hummer and Saturn as major
U.S. automobile names abandoned during the worst economic downturn since the
Great Depression.

But the brand's potential demise comes amid a general culling of U.S. auto
lines, the cause of which is broader than the downturn. Industry analysts say
there were too many repetitive models, with automakers selling essentially the
same vehicle under different names. The last Plymouth rolled off the line in
2001, the last Oldsmobile in 2004.

"I don't like to see the end of these glorious American brands," said John
Wolkonowicz, an auto analyst at IHS Global Insight, who is also an industry
history buff and the driver of a Mercury Grand Marquis. "I hate to see them go.
But it was time for this to happen years ago."

Mercury was a creation of Henry Ford's son, Edsel, who developed the car in 1939
to fill the gap between the Ford brand and the luxurious Lincoln.

It was a 1949 Mercury Series 9CM that James Dean drove in Rebel Without A Cause,
perhaps the most iconic of the brand's appearances.

The Mercury was favored by hot rodders in the '50s because it was fancier and
had a more powerful engine than Fords, Wolkonowicz said. It hit its peak sales
in 1978 with more than 580,000 vehicles.

The car's image has faded since, and its target demographic tended to be the
Depression generation.

"They're quickly leaving the market," Wolkonowicz said.

The Mercury's fate has been an open question almost since Alan Mulally took over
Ford's restructuring in 2006 as chief executive. During his tenure, the company
has revamped the Ford and Lincoln brands and shed others, such as Volvo, Jaguar
and Land Rover.

"We continue to evaluate all of our models and brands," Mulally said this week.

Local dealerships said they have not yet heard anything from Ford about Mercury.
The brand's possible demise was reported Thursday by Bloomberg News.

"It would have a huge impact on Lincoln-Mercury dealers," said one manager who
declined to be identified because he hadn't heard anything from Ford. "But this
has been rumored for years."

At one point, Elena Ford, a company executive and Edsel Ford's granddaughter,
helped block a move to abandon the brand.

But several analysts say it makes sense for Ford to scrap Mercury.

"The brand has become an afterthought," said Jessica Caldwell, an analyst at
Edmunds.com. "All these brands that have been dropped -- they're like roadkill.
We don't even notice anymore."

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Ford Motor Co.; The 1954 Mercury Monterey convertible, whose
streamlined design spoke to mid-century drivers who desired something fancier
than a Ford.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             319 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 30, 2010 Sunday
                                Bulldog Edition

A brand slows down

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 20 words


2002

263,201

Mercury sales

7.6%

of Ford's overall sales

2009

92,237

Mercury sales

5.7%

of Ford's overall sales

SOURCE: Edmunds.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             320 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 29, 2010 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

After 71 years, Mercury's aura sputters;
Ford considering a plan to drop the star-studded brand

BYLINE: Peter Whoriskey

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 487 words


To the list of automobile brands abandoned during the economic crisis,
historians might soon add the storied Mercury.

The cars once carried James Dean in "Rebel Without  a Cause" and Jack Lord in
"Hawaii Five-O."

But Mercury sales have crashed, its '50s-era mojo has disappeared in the
rearview mirror and Ford is considering a plan to ditch the brand, according to
a company official who declined to be named because the matter has not been
finalized.

If Mercury is indeed dropped, it will join Pontiac, Hummer and Saturn as major
U.S. automobile names abandoned during the worst economic downturn since the
Great Depression.

But the brand's potential demise comes amid a general culling of U.S. auto
lines, the cause of which is broader than the downturn. Industry analysts say
there were too many repetitive models, with automakers selling essentially the
same vehicle under different names. The last Plymouth rolled off the line in
2001, the last Oldsmobile in 2004.

"I don't like to see the end of these glorious American brands," said John
Wolkonowicz, an auto analyst at IHS Global Insight, who is also an industry
history buff and the driver of a Mercury Grand Marquis. "I hate to see them go.
But it was time for this to happen years ago."

Mercury was a creation of Henry Ford's son, Edsel, who developed the car in 1939
to fill the gap between the Ford brand and the luxurious Lincoln.

It was a 1949 Mercury Series 9CM that James Dean drove in Rebel Without A Cause,
perhaps the most iconic of the brand's appearances.

The Mercury was favored by hot rodders in the '50s because it was fancier and
had a more powerful engine than Fords, Wolkonowicz said. It hit its peak sales
in 1978 with more than 580,000 vehicles.

The car's image has faded since, and its target demographic tended to be the
Depression generation.

"They're quickly leaving the market," Wolkonowicz said.

The Mercury's fate has been an open question almost since Alan Mulally took over
Ford's restructuring in 2006 as chief executive. During his tenure, the company
has revamped the Ford and Lincoln brands and shed others such as Volvo, Jaguar
and Land Rover.

"We continue to evaluate all of our models and brands," Mulally told reporters
this week.

Local dealerships said they have not yet heard anything from Ford about Mercury.
The brand's possible demise was reported Thursday by Bloomberg News.

"It would have a huge impact on Lincoln-Mercury dealers," said one manager who
declined to be identified because he hadn't heard anything from Ford. "But this
has been rumored for years."

At one point, Elena Ford, a company executive and Edsel Ford's granddaughter,
helped block a move to abandon the brand.

But several analysts say it makes sense for Ford to scrap Mercury.

"The brand has become an afterthought," said Jessica Caldwell, an analyst at
Edmunds.com. "All these brands that have been dropped -- they're like roadkill.
We don't even notice anymore."

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             321 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 29, 2010 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

A brand slows down

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 21 words


2002

263,201

Mercury sales

7.6%

Percent of Ford's overall sales

2009

92,237

Mercury sales

5.7%

of Ford's overall sales

SOURCE: Edmunds.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             322 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 28, 2010 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Digest

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 453 words

THE INTERNET

FTC wants Google to retain home WiFi data

The Federal Trade Commission has asked Google not to destroy any documents
related to the data it collected from unsecured home wireless networks as it
gathered images for its Street View photo-map archive, according to a person
familiar with the matter.

The company has not complied with a request from Germany to turn over Internet
data and e-mail it collected from the networks as its roving Street View cars
collected images, citing legal issues. It also has not turned over information
to Hong Kong.

Google has said that its cars inadvertently collected 600 gigabytes of
"fragmentary data" from WiFi networks in 33 countries and Hong Kong. It has not
described the information in detail. It blamed the collection on a programming
error.

-- Los Angeles Times

COPYRIGHTS

Dismissal of YouTube suit sought

Yahoo, IAC/InterActive, eBay and Facebook urged a judge to dismiss Viacom's
copyright-infringement lawsuit against Google's YouTube video-sharing Web site.

The four Internet companies filed friend-of-the-court legal briefs on behalf of
YouTube Thursday in Manhattan federal court, where a judge is weighing YouTube's
and Viacom's legal motions in the 2007 lawsuit.

"Plaintiffs' legal arguments, if accepted, would retard the development of the
Internet and electronic commerce," Asim Bhansali, a lawyer representing the four
companies, said in the brief.

-- Bloomberg News

AUTOMOBILES

Ford said to plan end of Mercury

Ford is preparing to wind down the Mercury line, created in 1939 by Edsel Ford,
after sales plunged 74 percent since 2000, said two people familiar with the
plan.

The automaker's top executives are preparing a proposal to kill Mercury to be
presented to directors in July, said the people, revealing internal discussions
on the condition of anonymity. Mercury, losing two of four models next year,
will be starved of products and promotion, the people said.

Mercury would join Pontiac, Saturn, Oldsmobile and Plymouth among the departed
Detroit brands of the 21st century. Sales will end within four years, one of the
people estimated.

-- Bloomberg News

NEWSPAPERS

Ad revenue drops, but at slower pace

Advertising revenue at U.S. newspapers fell 10 percent in the first quarter from
the year before, the smallest such drop since the recession began in late 2007.

Newspaper ads brought in $6 billion in the January-March period, down from $6.6
billion last year, according to numbers released Thursday by the Newspaper
Association of America.

With the latest erosion, the industry is now subsisting on 46 percent less ad
revenue than it was four years ago. Newspaper ad revenue totaled $11.1 billion
in the first quarter of 2006.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             323 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       May 27, 2010 Thursday 3:00 PM EST

The TV Column: 'Idol' finale crowd hits 23 million

BYLINE: Lisa de Moraes

LENGTH: 228 words



HIGHLIGHT: About 23.2 million people watched Simon Cowell's swan song on
"American Idol" Wednesday night, according to early stats. Oh, and viewers voted
to crown yet another scruffy Super-Safe Rocker Boy with soulful eyes winner of
this alleged singing competition......zzzzzzzzzzz


About 23.2 million people watched Simon Cowell's swan song on "American Idol"
Wednesday night, according to early stats. Oh, and viewers voted to crown yet
another scruffy Super-Safe Rocker Boy with soulful eyes winner of this alleged
singing competition......zzzzzzzzzzz

"Idol's" Tuesday and Wednesday broadcasts were already secure of their status as
the No. 1 and No. 2 shows of the TV season, respectively, going into this week's
final performance and results episodes.

But Wednesday's two-plus-hour finale attracted the show's smallest audience
since the franchise's very first season, when Kelly Clarkson was crowned
"American Idol's" very first winner in the summer of 2002. An even 23 million
tuned in to that episode. But who knows how many people tuned in to this past
Wednesday's show just to see how Simon would bow out, and what unpredictable
former judge Paula Abdul might say and/or do in making her triumphant one-night
return to the show.

Early numbers for this past Wednesday do not include the several-minute overrun
so final ratings could go up. But there's no way the numbers will wind up
anywhere near the 28.8 million who watched last May's 8th season finale when
Kris Allen was named Ford Motor Company's new "Idol" ad spokesman, er, the 2009
American Idol.

About 30 million bright-eyed fans tuned in to the very first episode of "Idol"
this season.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2010 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             324 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 16, 2010 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

What qualifies a leader?;
In choosing a Supreme Court nominee to replace Justice John Paul Stevens,
President Obama was seeking someone who could provide intellectual and personal
leadership of the liberal bloc. His gamble in nominating Elena Kagan is bringing
in someone from outside the "priesthood" of appellate judges. What are the
advantages and disadvantages of selecting a leader with nontraditional
qualifications?

BYLINE: On Leadership

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 716 words


Lisa Caputo is chief marketing officer at Citi. She is also chief executive of
Citi's Women & Co.

Leaders come from all walks of life but have a number of traits in common:
integrity, common sense, tenacity, the ability to inspire the best work from
others, and (as exemplified by this nomination) the courage to challenge
received wisdom and look beyond the obvious. Experience is a core element of
leadership, but the best leaders have the ability to transcend the particulars
of their resumes.

Elena Kagan has never before worn a judge's robes. Given her wealth of
experience, however, if confirmed to the Supreme Court she will have the
opportunity to accomplish what all real leaders must do: Define the role for
herself.

Slade Gorton is a former U.S. senator and Washington state attorney general.

Picking someone without judicial experience was a wise move on the president's
part, because contemporary experience in the real world is a vitally important
qualification for a Supreme Court justice. The court's world is so divorced from
reality that its members become frozen as of the date on which they ascend to
its august precincts.

The problem with the Kagan nomination is that she will not be moving from the
real world but will simply reinforce a group already overwhelmingly composed of
those from a single academic background that has given them not the slightest
inkling of how the vast majority of Americans think and live. Nor has a single
one of them ever run for office and thus had to concern himself or herself with
what citizens think about public affairs. For those reasons alone, it is a poor
nomination.

John Baldoni is a leadership consultant, coach and speaker.

As a member of the high court, Kagan will experience a learning curve, but her
ability to work with colleagues including those who disagree with her should
hold her in good stead. Consider the example of outside leaders running
businesses in which they had no previous hands-on experience. Alan Mulally
became chief executive of Ford Motor Co.  after a career at Boeing. Ford was in
serious trouble when Mulally came aboard in September 2006. The company was in
precarious financial shape, its product line was ragged, and morale was
dispirited.

Although Mulally was new to the auto industry, he was not new to manufacturing.
Mulally knew the virtue of a single focus and with his team developed the One
Ford plan. After 3  1/2  years, Ford is making money, new products are
succeeding in the marketplace and employees are feeling more confident. Ford is
now considered one of America's most respected companies, in part because it
took no federal dollars.

An executive running an unfamiliar business will experience a learning curve,
and in the process he may miss things; subtlety and nuance morph into gray that
may hinder informed decision making. Only years of running the business will
bring true discernment. But a savvy leader will be a quick study.

Good leaders know from experience what it takes to get a team to pull together
for a common goal. They know how to sublimate their ego when necessary and
delegate responsibility and authority to others. And they know when to crack the
whip.

Juana Bordas is president of Mestiza Leadership International, a company
focusing on leadership, diversity and organizational change.

Being a Supreme Court justice is a lifelong calling. Elena Kagan has the
experience, the moxie, the devotion to public service and the intellectual
firepower to follow in Sandra Day O'Connor's footsteps. She is young, brilliant
and an eminently qualified choice. While she has never been a judge, as a former
dean of Harvard Law School she understands the complex and changing issues the
court will decide. As the first woman U.S. solicitor general, she has been the
"10th justice."

Michael Ellenbogen is a graduate student at Columbia University in a leadership
course taught by panelist Todd Henshaw.

Though she has a lack of judicial bench experience compared with her esteemed
potential fellow justices, and has not yet been put into the battlefield, Kagan
has had many successful firsts in her lifetime.

Coming up the ranks traditionally may be safe. But we are not living in a safe
world where safe still works. We need to take chances, make changes and truly
think outside of the box.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Melina Mara/the Washington Post; Supreme Court nominee Elena
Kagan is a former dean of Harvard Law School, but she has not served as a judge.

IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             325 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 11, 2010 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended
                                Suburban Edition

Ford documents cast doubt on tires' role in Explorer rollovers;
Regulators' actions in early 2000s echoed in Toyota controversy

BYLINE: Peter Whoriskey

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 1458 words


A version of this article appeared in some editions Monday.

These days, federal safety investigators are scrutinizing Toyota, seeking the
elusive causes behind hundreds of reports of unintended acceleration.

But a decade ago, the federal safety agency was facing another high-profile
technical mystery: More than 100 people had died in Ford Explorers. Was it
faulty Firestone tires, or was the Explorer itself too prone to roll over?

The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration eventually sided with the
automaker, blaming the tires and rejecting charges that the popular
sport-utility vehicle was unstable.

But previously unreported internal Ford documents dredged up in lawsuits since
then conflict with the finding that only tires were to blame and call into
question the agency's decision not to open a full investigation into the
Explorer. The memos show that the company's own engineers had discovered
potential dangers in two key Explorer features, its suspension and roof
strength, that could make the vehicle especially lethal during a blowout.

After an investigation into 50 Explorer crashes in Venezuela, for example,
company engineers concluded that they should replace customers' shock absorbers
to "save lives." They did, but only in Venezuela. Explorer engineers also twice
sought official deviations from the company's own standards for roof strength, a
factor that critics say made the cars more lethal in rollover accidents.

In response, Ford says that the Explorer complied with all federal safety
standards, and that the engineers in Venezuela were only exploring one of many
theories for the crashes. But the documents, which Ford has sought to keep from
becoming public, indicate that it was hardly a clear-cut case.

"The whole thing just screamed greed," said La Rita Morales, part of a jury in
California that earlier this year awarded an Explorer driver $23.4 million in
damages. "I didn't believe in my heart that a company like Ford would put out a
product with question marks over it."

NHTSA officials now say they were aware of the issue with the shock absorbers
and discussed the crashes with Venezuelan government officials. Ford says it
turned the relevant documents over to NHTSA. But in a decision that would be
echoed in the Toyota controversy, which has led to another call in Washington
for safety reform, the federal agency declined in 2002 to open a formal
investigation into the Ford Explorer, just as it would decline for years to open
investigations into the Toyota complaints of unintended acceleration.

* * *

Even 10 years ago, NHTSA had some reason to be skeptical of the idea that the
tires were the sole cause of Explorer accidents. While Ford was pointing the
finger at Firestone's tires, the tiremaker was pointing back, blaming the
Explorer for rolling over too easily in blowouts.

Consumer advocates argued that during a blowout, a driver should be able to
"pull over, not roll over." An analysis by The Post in 2000 showed that even
when the Explorer was equipped with Goodyear tires rather than Firestone ones,
they had a higher rate of tire-related crashes than other SUVs. The head of the
House committee investigating the accidents, Rep. W.J. "Billy" Tauzin, said that
NHTSA data warranted further scrutiny of the Explorer's handling.

But Ford officials were adamant.

"It bears repeating: This is a tire issue and only a tire issue," Ford chief
executive Jacques Nasser testified at a House committee hearing in June 2001.

Yet according to the documents, Ford's recognition of a problem dates back at
least to 1999, when Ford engineers investigating Explorer crashes in Venezuela
found a problem with the Explorer's stability. In a hard shift, "the truck tends
to roll over," according to the report of one of the engineers, Edivia
Caballero.

She listed the shock absorber as a "root cause" of the Explorer crashes in
Venezuela, along with bad tires and the fact that the Explorer is taller and
narrower than other trucks.

Ford issued a bulletin to replace the shock absorbers on Explorers in Venezuela,
according to the documents. This change of shocks in Venezuela "will save
lives," according to one Ford e-mail. But the automaker did not offer customers
new shocks in the United States.

In response, Ford says the engineers who wrote the memos about the shocks were
speculating about the accidents' cause.

As for why the company, based on mere speculation, would give Venezuelan
customers new shock absorbers at an estimated cost of $3 million, Ford says the
shock absorbers were changed to accommodate Venezuelan drivers who preferred a
firmer ride.

"The roads are different in Venezuela, the drivers load them up more, and they
drive very fast," said Ford spokesman Said Deep.

* * *

The other potential Explorer problem discussed in the memos is the strength of
the roof. Many experts blame the deaths in rollover crashes to a phenomenon
known as "roof crush."

At the time, vehicle roofs were required by federal standards to stand up to 1.5
times the vehicle's weight. It was called the "strength-to-weight" ratio.

Internal Ford guidelines called for a ratio of 1.875 to add a margin of safety.
That way, even with variations in sheet metal strength and other variables,
roofs could pass the federal standard.

Bur Explorer's engineers twice requested and received official "deviations" from
that company standard, first dropping to a ratio of 1.72 and then to 1.63. This
allowed Explorers with weaker roofs to pass the tests.

Then, in June 1999, engineers tested another Explorer. The roof strength was
lower than they had expected, at 1.52 -- just above the federal guidelines, but
almost completely without the margin of safety that other Ford vehicles had. It
was just over the federal guideline, and by some tests, the weakest of the
best-selling SUVs. It was also far lower than the current federal standard,
which was last year doubled to 3.

Ford engineers at the time appear to have been startled. "The max load numbers
experienced were less than expected," an engineer wrote to colleagues in 1999.
"We need to make a concerted effort to quickly find out why."

The roof has "a less than desirable safety margin," another said.

The roof memos received some media attention in 2005. Ford officials noted
recently that no Ford Explorer has failed the federal standard for roof crush.
They said the lowest of the roof tests were conducted on prototype vehicles and
do not indicate how production vehicles would perform.

* * *

After months of study in 2001, NHTSA dismissed Firestone's complaints that the
Explorer had a problem with "oversteering" in a blowout. In a lengthy report,
NHTSA found that in that respect the Explorer was no worse than other SUVs on
the market. There would be no formal investigation of the Explorer.

"NHTSA didn't open the investigation because it wasn't asking the right
question," said Richard Denney, an Oklahoma attorney for victims in Explorer
cases. "They do some good work, but they don't have the resources."

As he and other plaintiffs' attorneys have argued to juries, sometimes
successfully, the problem in the Explorer is not oversteering but a phenomenon
known as "skate" caused by vibrations in the rear axle -- vibrations that can
occur when a tire blows out.

After the controversy, Ford made critical changes to the Explorer. For the 2002
model year, the distance between the wheels was widened by about three inches,
making the vehicle less prone to roll over. Critically, independent rear
suspension was added.

NHTSA, meanwhile, continued to grapple with Explorer complaints and crashes.

Five years ago, Stephen M. Forrest, a California engineer who testifies in
Explorer cases, called the roofs into question and asked NHTSA to investigate.
The agency declined, citing, among other things, limited resources and the fact
that none of the vehicles had actually failed the test.

Then, in March 2006, the Explorer again seems to have aroused the agency's
interest. It asked Ford for information on deaths in Ford Explorers from late
2000 t0 2005. It did not open an investigation.

Even after the Firestone tires were recalled, tire-related deaths in that era's
Explorers continued.

After skyrocketing in 2000 to 81, tire-related deaths in Explorers have averaged
49 over the last five years of records.

The statistics were compiled by Randy Whitfield and Alice Whitfield, experts who
work with plaintiffs' lawyers. A Ford spokesman did not dispute the counts but
said the data do not accurately count tire-related deaths.

"The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and others have repeatedly
tested the Ford Explorer," said Ford spokesman Deep. "All of those tests
consistently showed that the Explorer is a safe vehicle. We have always
maintained that it is safe."

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

CORRECTION-DATE: May 14, 2010 Friday



CORRECTION: A chart with an A-section article in some May 10 editions, about the
investigation in the early 2000s of rollover crashes of Ford Explorers, was
incompletely labeled. The chart, which tracked tire-related deaths in Explorers,
included only those accidents involving Explorers from the model years 1991
through 2000.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             326 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                               May 9, 2010 Sunday
                                Bulldog Edition

New questions arise over Ford Explorers;
Engineering scrutinized Firestone tires may not have caused rollovers

BYLINE: Peter Whoriskey

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1452 words


These days, federal safety investigators are scrutinizing Toyota, seeking the
elusive causes behind hundreds of reports of unintended acceleration.

But a decade ago, the federal safety agency were facing another high-profile
technical mystery: More than 100 people had died in Ford Explorers. Was it
faulty Firestone tires or was the Explorer itself too prone to rollover?

The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration eventually sided with the
automaker, blaming the tires and rejecting charges that the popular
sport-utility vehicle was unstable.

But previously unreported internal Ford documents dredged up in lawsuits since
then conflict with the finding that only tires were to blame and call into
question the agency's decision not to open a full investigation into the
Explorer. The Ford memos show that the company's own engineers had discovered
potential dangers in two key Explorer features, its suspension and roof
strength, that could make the  vehicle especially lethal during a blowout.

After an investigation into 50 Explorer crashes in Venezuela, for example,
company engineers concluded that they should replace customers' shock absorbers
to "save lives." They did, but only in Venezuela. Explorer engineers also twice
sought official deviations from the company's own standards for roof strength, a
factor that critics say made the cars more lethal in rollover accidents.

In response, Ford says that the Explorer complied with all federal safety
standards, and that the engineers in Venezuela were only exploring one of many
theories for the crashes. But the documents, which Ford has sought to keep from
becoming public, indicate that it was hardly a clear-cut case.

"The whole thing just screamed greed," said La Rita Morales, part of a jury in
California that earlier this year awarded an Explorer driver $23.4 million in
damages. "I didn't believe in my heart that a company like Ford would put out a
product with question marks over it."

NHTSA officials now say they were aware of the issue with the shock absorbers
and discussed the crashes with Venezuelan government officials. Ford says they
turned the relevant documents over NHTSA. But in an echo of the Toyota
controversy, which has led to another call in Washington for safety reform, the
federal agency declined in 2002 to open a formal investigation into the Ford
Explorer, just as it had declined for years to open investigations into the
Toyota complaints of unintended acceleration.

* * *

Even 10 years ago, NHTSA had some reason to be skeptical of the idea that the
tires were the sole cause of Explorer accidents. While Ford was pointing the
finger at Firestone's tires, the tiremaker was pointing back, blaming the
Explorer for rolling over too easily in blowouts.

Consumer advocates argued that during a blowout, a driver should be able to
"pull over, not rollover." An analysis by The Post in 2000 showed that even when
the Explorer was equipped with Goodyear tires rather than Firestone products,
they had a higher rate of tire-related crashes than other SUVs. The head of the
House committee investigating the accidents, Rep. W. J. "Billy" Tauzin, said
that NHTSA data warranted further scrutiny of the Explorer's handling.

But Ford officials were adamant.

"It bears repeating: This is a tire issue and only a tire issue," Ford chief
executive Jacques Nasser testified at a House committee hearing in June 2001.

Yet according to the documents, Ford's recognition of a problem dates back at
least to 1999, when Ford engineers investigating Explorer crashes in Venezuela
found a problem with the Explorer's stability. In a hard shift, "the truck tends
to roll over," according to the report of one of the engineers, Edivia
Caballero.

She listed the shock absorber as a "root cause" of the Explorer crashes in
Venezuela, along with bad tires and the fact that the Explorer is taller and
narrower than other trucks.

Ford issued a bulletin to replace the shock absorbers on Explorers in Venezuela,
according to the documents. This change of shocks in Venezuela "will save
lives," according to one Ford e-mail. But the automaker did not offer customers
new shocks in the  United States.

In response, Ford says that the engineers who wrote the memos about the shocks
were just speculating about the cause of the accidents.

As for why the company, based on mere speculation, would give Venezuelan
customers new shock absorbers at an estimated cost of $3 million, Ford says the
shock absorbers were changed to accommodate Venezuelan drivers who preferred a
firmer ride.

"The roads are different in Venezuela, the drivers load them up more, and they
drive very fast," said Ford spokesman Said Deep.

* * *

The other potential Explorer problem discussed in the memos is the strength of
the roof. Many experts blame the deaths in rollover crashes to a phenomenon
known as "roof crush."

At the time, vehicle roofs were required by federal standards to stand up to 1.5
times the vehicle's weight. It was called the "strength-to-weight" ratio.

Internal Ford guidelines called for a ratio of 1.875 in order to add a margin of
safety. That way, even with variations in sheet metal strength and other
production variables, Ford roofs could pass the federal standard.

Bur Explorer's engineers twice requested and received official "deviations" from
that company standard, first dropping to a ratio of 1.72 and then 1.63. This
allowed Explorers with weaker roofs to pass the tests.

Then in June 1999, engineers tested another Explorer. The roof strength was
lower than they had expected -- it was 1.52-- just above the federal guidelines,
but almost completely without the margin of safety that other Ford vehicles had.
It was just over the federal guideline, and by some tests, the weakest of the
best-selling SUVs. It was also far lower than current federal standard, which
was last year doubled to 3.

The engineers at the time appear to have been startled.

"The max load numbers experienced were less than expected," a Ford engineer
wrote to colleagues in 1999. "We need to make a concerted effort to quickly find
out why."

The roof has "a less than desirable safety margin," another engineer said.

Ford officials noted recently that no Ford Explorer has failed the federal
standard for roof crush. They said the lowest of the roof tests were conducted
on prototype vehicles and do not indicate how production vehicles would perform.

* * *

After months of study in 2001, NHTSA dismissed Firestone's complaints that the
Explorer had a problem with "oversteering" in a blowout. In a lengthy report,
NHTSA found that in that respect the Explorer was no worse than other SUVs on
the market. There would be no formal investigation of the Explorer.

"NHTSA didn't open the investigation because it wasn't asking the right
question," said Richard Denney, an Oklahoma attorney  for victims in Explorer
cases. "They do some good work, but they don't have the resources."

As he and other plaintiffs' attorneys have argued to juries, sometimes
successfully, the problem in the Explorer is not oversteering but a phenomenon
known as "skate" caused by vibrations in the rear axle -- vibrations that can
occur when a tire blows out.

After the controversy, Ford made critical changes to the Explorer. For the 2002
model year, the distance between the wheels was widened by about three inches,
making it less prone to roll over. Critically, independent rear suspension was
added.

NHTSA, meanwhile, continued to grapple with Explorer complaints and crashes.

Five years ago, Stephen M. Forrest, a California engineer who testifies in
Explorer cases, called the roofs into question and asked NHTSA to investigate.
The agency declined, citing, among other things, limited resources and the fact
that none of the vehicles had actually failed the test.

Then, in March 2006, the Explorer again seems to have aroused the agency's
interest. It asked Ford for information on deaths in Ford Explorers from late
2000 t0 2005. It did not open an investigation.

Even after the Firestone tires were recalled, tire-related deaths in Ford
Explorers of that era continued.

After skyrocketing in 2000 to 81, tire-related deaths in Explorers have averaged
49 over the last five years of records.

The statistics were compiled by Randy Whitfield and Alice Whitfield, experts who
work with  plaintiffs' attorneys. A Ford spokesman did not dispute the counts
but said that the federal statistics cited by the Whitfields do not accurately
count tire-related deaths.

"The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and others have repeatedly
tested the Ford Explorer," said Ford spokesman Deep. "All of those tests
consistently showed that the Explorer is a safe vehicle." We have always
maintained that it is safe."

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; J. Michael Short/laredo Morning Times Via Ap; More than 100
people have died in Ford Explorer rollovers.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             327 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 25, 2010 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

2011 Ford Fiesta;
2011 Ford Fiesta

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 386 words


Bottom line: This one is a winner. It easily takes on competitors such as the
Honda Fit, Nissan Versa, and Toyota Yaris and Corolla. It's not quite a Mazda3,
and it is nobody's Mini. But here's betting that Fiesta buyers, particularly
those who take the top SEL and SES models, won't suffer in the least from Mini
envy.

Ride, acceleration and handling: It gets very good small-car marks in all three.

Head-turning quotient: Smart and cute, in both the four-door sedan and the
five-door hatchback. Credit Ford's stylists for the use of triple-layered
metallic paint jobs in eye-popping colors such as Yellow Blaze, Lime Squeeze and
Blue Flame. Also, kudos to the design team for a control panel that perfectly
mimics the world's best cellphones in appearance and function.

Body style/layout: The 2011 Fiesta is a front-engine, front-wheel-drive
subcompact designed for commuting and long highway drives. As a sedan, it is
available in three trim levels: base S, midline SE and top-line SEL. As a
hatchback, it comes as base S and top-line SES.

Engine/transmissions: The Fiesta comes with a base 1.6-liter in-line
four-cylinder engine (119 horsepower, 119 foot-pounds of torque). Please note
that other journals may report slightly higher horsepower and torque. But I've
been advised by Ford and other engineers that the numbers here are closer to the
mark. A five-speed manual transmission is standard. A six-speed Ford-trademarked
"PowerShift" transmission that can be operated automatically and manually is
optional.

Capacities: The Fiesta has seats for five people, with tight space for three in
the rear. Maximum cargo space is 26 cubic feet. Fuel capacity is 12 gallons of
recommended regular gasoline.

Mileage: I got nearly 40 miles per gallon on the highway driving the
manual-transmission SEL sedan and SES hatchback. I did not have adequate city
mileage to check city stats. But Ford and federal officials put it at 29 mpg.

Safety: Standard equipment includes seven air bags, among them a
segment-exclusive knee bag for the driver. Ventilated front disc brakes are
standard. But rear brakes are the traditional drum variety. Electronic stability
and traction control are standard.

Prices: The Fiesta goes on sale in the United States in June. Base prices from
$13,320 to $17,120, depending on model and equipment chosen.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             328 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 24, 2010 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

AUTOMOTIVE

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 79 words


33,256 vehicles recalled

Ford Motor said it is recalling 33,256 vehicles, including its best-selling
Fusion, because front seats and headrests might collapse back during a crash.

The voluntary recall affects 2010 model-year vehicles, according to a notice on
the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's Web site. The models in
question are Ford's Explorer and Explorer Sport Trac sport-utility vehicles,
Ford's Fusion and Mercury's Milan and Mountaineer.

-- Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Fabrizio Costantini/bloomberg News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             329 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                       April 16, 2010 Friday 11:00 AM EST

Real Wheels Live

BYLINE: Warren Brown

SECTION: LIVEONLINE

LENGTH: 1339 words



HIGHLIGHT: _______________________


CORRECTION:

_______________________

Zippy Subaru wanted: Warren, I'm looking at the Subaru Impreza hatchback. Love
the styling, size, AWD and safety and reliability reports. But on a test drive I
was disappointed by its lack of zip. Is it worth the extra bucks to get the
2.5GT model (224 HP vs. 170, "turbocharged"), or at that point should I be
looking at different car altogether? I don't need to burn up the road, but I do
enjoy driving and do a lot of it. Many thanks.

Warren Brown: Good morning:Yes, if you want that extra zip, it's worth the price
to get the turbocharged model. Just keep in mind that turbocharging--an
exhaust-driven impeller forcing more air into the engine for a better
burn--usually means higher engine compression, which means premium fuel required
or preferred "for best performance."

_______________________

Ford Taurus: I love the looks of the new Taurus but when I went to a Ford dealer
they barely had any available at all. I initially thought that this meant they
must be selling well, BUT I never see any on the road.So my question is, do Ford
dealers not have many Tauruses because they are selling well or is the factory
not making many because they are NOT selling well?Thanks.

Warren Brown:  by a margin of 68% to 32%.

_______________________

Chevy Equinox: Any comments on the 2010 Equinox? Is the 4 cyclinder powerful
enough? I haven't done a test drive yet. Thanks

Warren Brown: The 2010 Equinox has excellent build quality, styling (exterior
and interior), safety...and fuel economy with the four-cylinder model. If you
want top fuel economy and decent commuting power, get the four. If you want
decent fuel economy, but considerably more oomph, get the six. You get a good
crossover utility/small SUV in either case.

_______________________

Subaru Outback MPG: Several weeks ago, a poster complained about his new Subaru
Outback not getting the advertised gas mileage. I think he said it was getting
16 MPG. I've had mine for 4 months and am getting 24-26 combined and 30 on the
highway. Granted, it's a 6-speed manual and a 4 cylinder, and we're not into AC
weather yet, but I'm certainly satisfied.

Warren Brown: The bottom line is that different drivers will get different
mileage readings regardless of the product. We oversimplify mileage in
government testing and media reviews. Mileage is affected by myriad factors,
among them: driving styles and equipment, road surfaces and traffic patterns,
weather and ancillary power used to modify weather conditions for vehicle cabin
comfort, ancillary power used for electronic entertainment and communications
function, vehicle load (the proverbial junk in your trunk).

_______________________

Replacing a car: I have a 1997 Toyota Avalon. It's got about 150k, and has been
a good car. But it's getting some body rust and the interior is starting to look
rather shabby. We are starting to have problems with a transmission solenoid
which will probably need repair soon. I'd hoped this car would last me another
five years. Is it worth putting in about $2,000/year for repairs for the next
few years, or should we bite the bullet and buy a new (used) car? We'd probably
be looking at some sort of SUV, hopefully in the Toyota line. Thanks much.

Warren Brown: Fiscal common sense says that $2,000/year for repairs makes a bit
more sense than the annual costs of paying for a new car--initial purchase price
with taxes and fees, depreciation costs and insurance costs. But if fiscal
common sense ruled the world, we would not have had a global economic collapse.
Look at the Hyundai Genesis sedan and, if you want to spend less, the beautiful
2011 Hyundai Sonata. That way, you can exercise fiscal common sense and soothe
your passion for what you really want.

_______________________

Future of GM: There was a great NPR piece - This American Life, I think - about
the NUMMI plant and how GM finally learned its lessons just as the global
economic crisis knocked down sales and drove the company into bankruptcy.

Warren Brown:  He was a nice guy who, indeed, finished last. Now, Ed Whitacre
stands to get credit for what he and Bob Lutz did in terms of great new
products. Tough. Bad timing and all of that. As for Toyota, I've been saying
here and elsewhere for the last six years that Toyota has been getting away with
a lot in terms of product goofs under the cover of lax U.S. regulation and a
generally pro-Toyota biased U.S. media.No one believed me. I was pilloried as
anti-Toyota and even anti-Japanese. Nonesense.But now, you believe me. Some of
you are even going way, way overboard in attacking Toyota. Take this rollover
thing, for example. Truth is, any damned fool can get a car or truck to roll
over. It's not rocket science. It's just a lack of attention and common sense
behind the wheel. Toyota withdrew the product in question because of what Toyota
has always done, and continues to do--play the media.At any rate, Toyota's
current problems prove that it NEVER was much different from GM. It jettisoned
overall vehicle quality in favor of profits and market share growth. Same old
story. Quite human, I think.

_______________________

Mid-size cars: My husband and I are looking into purchasing a mid-size sedan. We
are thinking of the Nissan Altima or the Mercury Milan. What are your thoughts
on the two? Are there any others we should consider?

Warren Brown: Split the difference and get a Ford Fusion, preferably the Fusion
Hybrid. You can thank me later. And I'm being neither facetious nor sarcastic in
sayin that. You will be surprised at how good that car is.

_______________________

RE: Taurus: Down here on the Florida Gulf Coast, we have an abundance of older
Midwesterners and a high ratio of Crown Vics/Grand Marquises on the road. I've
seen a total of two Tauruses in the months since the new model was introduced,
so you might find something less in those sales numbers.

Warren Brown: Thank you. I'll check. Thanks for the prod.

_______________________

Replacing a car: Mr. Brown writes: "I'm reading between the lines that you are
tired of your aging, somewhat troublesome Toyota Avalon."Actually, I love my
Avalon. It's really comfortable and I don't want to buy another car. This one is
paid for and I don't want to spend more money--buying cars makes me nervous. If
you think that budgeting money for repairs makes sense, that's what I'm inclined
to do for the next few years until we really have to replace the car.

Warren Brown:  budgeting money for repairs makes sense, just like budgeting
money for personal healthcare makes sense. Here's the deal: All things physical
have a termination date. Parts wear out. Things break. Energy meets entropy
eventually and, then, finally. Things fail beyond rehabilitation. We die.In the
interim, we do what we reasonably can to keep going. That costs money. Budget.

_______________________

New Car/Van:  If you could buy any car for up to 30K new/lightly used with a
family of 5 (3 kids 1, 7, 12) what would it be? Thanks,

Warren Brown: I'm thinking Infiniti G37, robably a used one in very good shape.

_______________________

Honda vs Hyundai?: Good morning. My husband and I are thinking about getting a
new used car after our Ford Focus finally succumbs to age. I love Hondas, but
Hyundais are so much cheaper. What is your opinion about the two?

Warren Brown: Honda, Toyota, GM and Ford are all looking over their shoulders at
Hyundai. True, Hyundai is less expensive. But it also matches its rivals in
overall product quality and safety and flat-out beats them in styling. It will
be interesting to see how the Chevy Malibu, Honda Accord, and Toyota Camry hold
up in sales against the devastatingly beautiful new Hyundai Sonata.

_______________________

Warren Brown: Thank you all for joining us today. Please come back next week.
Your suggestions for improvements are welcome.Thank you, Sakina Rangwala, for
another fine production. And thank you Ria Manglapus for hanging in there when
money ran low. Your loyalty is much appreciated. You'll get your reward in the
New Economy. Eat lunch.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2010 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             330 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 12, 2010 Monday
                                Regional Edition

Korea's hand, extended and waiting

BYLINE: Fred Hiatt

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 808 words

DATELINE: SEOUL


In a world of dangerously failed states and willful challengers to American
leadership, South Korea is an astoundingly successful democracy that wants to be
friends. But will America say yes?

That seemed to be the question perplexing President Lee Myung-bak when I
interviewed him here last Wednesday, though he described relations at the moment
as excellent. (Excerpts from our conversation are available here at
http://washingtonpost.com/opinions.) The two nations have signed a free-trade
agreement that Lee believes would -- in addition to bringing obvious economic
benefit to both sides -- seal a crucial alliance and promote stability
throughout Northeast Asia. But President Obama has yet to submit the agreement
to Congress for ratification or say when he might do so.

Given the neighborhood, you would think the United States would jump at the
opportunity. To Korea's east, Japan's rookie ruling party is driving the Obama
administration to distraction as Japan tries to figure out, so far without
success, whether to distance itself from the United States.

In North Korea, an isolated regime is "facing a transformative moment right
now," Lee told me. Recently it "failed dismally in its effort to reform its
currency; the state of the North Korean economy is worsening by the day." For
the first time, he said, leaders have felt the need to explain themselves to
their people.

A reminder of the flashpoint the border remains came March 26, when a South
Korean corvette sank while cruising near North Korean waters, with 46 sailors
lost from its crew of 104. While the incident is being investigated, Lee refused
to speculate on its cause, but he told me, "I'm very committed to responding in
a firm manner if need be."

And then there is what Lee called "the China factor."

South Korea now trades more with China than with the United States and Japan
combined, he said. Korea values its relationship with China highly, and it is
"just a matter of time" before Korea and China open negotiations on a free-trade
agreement (FTA) of their own.

But, the president said, he is "concerned about the growing dependence of not
only Korea but other countries in the region toward China."

His desire for an American counterweight is shared by leaders throughout East
and Southeast Asia, but few will say so as candidly. "For us, the FTA is not
just simply a trade agreement or an economic agreement," he said. "It really is
much more than that."

Obama has expressed general support for increasing trade with South Korea but
hasn't committed to the pact that he and Lee inherited from their predecessors.
Every analysis shows it would benefit most American consumers and industries,
but it faces opposition from Ford Motor, some union leaders and some Democrats
in Congress.

"When you look at the FTA from a bits-and-parts point of view, of course there
will be opposition," Lee said. "We have certain members of our industry, certain
members of our national parliament, who are vehemently opposed."

"But you really have to look at the whole, entire FTA," he said, "and if it
comes out as a plus, then it's the responsibility, I believe, of each country to
really go ahead and try to push this through." He added that "it will all hinge
upon" how committed the Obama administration is to winning ratification. "If
they are, they are going to do all that they can to convince fellow Democrats to
get on board," he said.

Lee hoisted himself from an impoverished childhood to become a construction
tycoon. (As a businessman two decades ago, he oversaw the renovation of the
presidential mansion he moved into two years ago; he now regrets the imposing
but energy-inefficient high ceilings, aides told me.) Along the way he earned
the sobriquet "Bulldozer"; he is slender and soft-spoken but straightforward.

If anything, though, Lee is too restrained, too polite, to point out how
short-sighted the United States would be to slight Korea. With U.S. protection
and support, South Korea has transformed itself from a Third World military
dictatorship to a prosperous democracy that wants to cooperate with the United
States in Haiti, Afghanistan and beyond. Would the United States really allow
narrow-interest politics to limit such an opportunity?

Lee told me he is confident that the United States, with its "entrepreneur
spirit" and pioneering science, will bounce back from recession (as Korea, with
3.6 percent unemployment, already has).

But he worries, he said, that in the process the United States may waver from
its commitment to free trade.

"And it must remain a beacon of free trade to be able to lead other countries
around the world in other aspects as well," he said. "The benefits reaped from
protectionism are very short-term, but the leadership role that you have, the
status and prestige of the U.S., in that regard, are timeless."

fredhiatt@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             331 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 8, 2010 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

Not your father's IPO

BYLINE: George F. Will

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 727 words


The times truly are out of joint when the most important IPO -- initial public
offering -- of 2010 could come from what was American capitalism's iconic
corporation for most of its 102 years. Andrew Bary, writing in Barron's, says
General Motors "may go public in the second half of this year, and its
stock-market value could top $50 billion, more than Ford's $40 billion."

This is justice under today's state capitalism: Ford took on $23.6 billion in
debt to avoid becoming dependent on Washington, whereas GM shed much of its debt
by becoming dependent. Washington, Bary explains, turned most of its $50 billion
loan to GM into 60.8 percent ownership, the United Auto Workers got 17.5 percent
for forgoing a $20 billion health-care claim against the company, and Canada's
government got an 11.7 percent stake for $9 billion.

Detroit's long drive down the crumbling road to disaster is chronicled in "Crash
Course" by Paul Ingrassia, formerly of the Wall Street Journal. It is a story of
the hubris of a corporate oligopoly and the myopia of a union monopoly.

When Henry Ford said people could have his cars in any color they wanted as long
as it was black, the actual name of the color was, portentously, "Japan black
enamel." But in 1927, GM hired Harley Earl, whose father designed custom cars
for Hollywood stars, to head its Art and Color Section, a harbinger of Detroit's
emphasis on cars as "visual entertainment" -- Earl's phrase -- rather than on
the technological improvements Japanese automakers would come to emphasize.

Enchanted by stabilizer fins on World War II P-38 fighter planes, Earl  put tail
fins on 1948 Cadillacs. By 1959 the fins were almost as high as the car's roof.
The chrome protrusions Earl  put on Cadillacs' front bumpers were at first
supposed to project power by resembling artillery shells. Soon, Ingrassia
writes, they were nicknamed "dagmars," after the breasts of a television
starlet.

But in 1959, an ad showing a Volkswagen Beetle in front of a suburban home
asked, "What year car do the Jones drive?"

This, Ingrassia says, "took direct aim at annual styling changes, which lay at
the very heart of Detroit's business model."

When Lee Iacocca ran Chrysler, it spent $2 million on gold-plated faucets and
other trimmings  at the company's suite at the Waldorf. Even in the late 1980s,
GM had segregation by rank in the "salaried men's rest room" and the "hourly
men's rest room." Still, the UAW hourly workers flourished.

In 1970, a 67-day strike against GM won, Ingrassia reports, "the company's
400,000 hourly workers (triple what the Big Three's combined total would be 40
years later) a 30 percent wage hike over the next three years." Soon thereafter,
workers could retire at any age with a full pension after 30 years on the job.
"If the retiree lived to be 79 or older," Ingrassia writes, "he or she would
spend more years drawing a full pension than actually working."

Those still working did so under rules so complex that the table of contents of
the contract was almost 20 pages long. Other autoworkers were unenthralled by
such UAW triumphs: In 1986, the UAW abandoned its attempt to unionize Honda's
Marysville, Ohio, plant by secret-ballot plebiscite. It did not have the votes.
Today, organized labor wants "card check" organizing so it can dispense with
secret ballots.

By the turn of this century, GM was being kept afloat by its financing arm,
GMAC, which was deeply into subprime mortgages. Ingrassia dryly notes: "Some GM
dealers in Southern California were taken aback when customers bristled at being
asked to fill out a GMAC credit report for a car loan. They hadn't needed a
detailed credit report to get a mortgage from GMAC on their new home."

Studebaker shut down in 1966, and American Motors was absorbed by Chrysler in
1987. But compassionate government has stopped the Darwinian culling of the
herd.

When Washington bailed out Chrysler in the late 1970s, Alan Greenspan, then a
Wall Street consultant, said the danger was not that the rescue would fail but
that it would work, thereby whetting Washington's appetite for interventions.
The bailout "worked" in that the government made money from it and Chrysler
survived to be rescued 30 years later by an administration that, as a wit has
said, can imagine the world without the internal combustion engine but not
without Chrysler.

georgewill@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             332 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 6, 2010 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Stalking the princesses' rare Mustangs

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 656 words


The Cherry Blossom Mustang diaspora began soon after the final float turned off
of Constitution Avenue on April 8, 1972. Born together at Ford's Dearborn,
Mich., factory, the 50 identical convertibles were driven in that year's Cherry
Blossom Festival Parade, each one bearing a smiling, waving, gloved-and-sashed
princess.

But when the parade was over, the tribe was torn asunder, the cars scattered
among Washington area Ford dealers and sold to the public. Sticker price:
$3,272.22.

What became of the Cherry Blossom Mustangs?

Answering that question has become Rex Turner's obsession.

"It's just a unique car for Washington," said Rex, 51, of Vienna. "It's really
the only Mustang that I know of that was made specifically for this region."

It was, officially, the Ford Mustang Olympic Sprint edition: white, with two
wide blue stripes on the hood, red pinstriping, flag emblems on the flanks and a
special blue and white interior. Ford made about 9,000 Olympic Sprint Mustang
coupes and fastbacks -- built to capitalize on the Games held that year in
Munich and Sapporo -- but only 50 convertibles. They were specifically for the
'72 Cherry Blossom Parade, which, with gold medalist Jesse Owens as grand
marshal, had an Olympic theme.

The Mustang community -- and, believe me, there are few car collectors as
hard-core -- knows where about 39 of the Cherry Blossom cars are today. That's
thanks to an Illinois owner who back in the '80s had a police officer friend
surreptitiously run all the vehicle numbers -- sequentially from 2F03F184256 to
2F03F184305 -- to get registration information.

Rex is now the keeper of the Cherry Blossom Mustang registry. He's owned two of
the cars, a rust bucket he kept for a few years, then sold, and a pristine,
all-original example he paid $6,000 for in 2003.

He knows that two of the cars are in Norway, of all places, one is in Denmark
and another is in Sweden. At least four have been destroyed. He says the
whereabouts of 11 of the cars is unknown. "That is a pretty low number given the
number of times most of the cars have changed hands," he said. In 2004, four of
the Cherry Blossom Mustangs, Rex's included, were gathered at a big Mustang show
in Nashville.

In the way of collectors everywhere, Rex is interested in more than just the
cars. He's interested in everything connected to the cars, from parade programs
to newspaper articles about that year's festival.

He collects princesses, too, trolling the Web in search of the women who
represented the 50 states, hoping to see whether they have memories of their
brief, 10-block journeys in a Cherry Blossom Mustang or photos of themselves in
the cars.

"Debbie Dingell was one, from Michigan," Rex said. "She's married to Congressman
[John] Dingell."

Another 1972 princess was Shelley Moore Capito, now a Republican representative
from West Virginia.

"Of course, she won't give me the time of day," Rex said. "Too busy. I
corresponded with Miss California one time. I found her on Classmates.com. Miss
Wisconsin, she lives in Virginia. I met her last summer. I have the address of
the actual queen, Miss Massachusetts. I wrote her a letter, and called and
talked to her husband. She won't give me the time of day. Miss Vermont, she's
kind of the most approachable."

That would be Michelle Diane Buteau, who lives in Olney.

Rex thinks he has a line on Miss Hawaii and would desperately love to find Miss
District of Columbia, Jackie Henley. "I think she may have been from the
Richmond area originally."

Rex drives his Mustang in about 10 parades a year, and it will be in Saturday's
Cherry Blossom Parade with 1972's Miss Vermont in the back seat. The car drew a
crowd at Hains Point over the weekend.

"I always get a lot of thumbs up, and people will just stop in their tracks and
want to talk about the car," Rex said.

He is more than happy to oblige them.

For a video tour of Rex's Cherry Blossom Mustang, go to
http://www.washingtonpost.com/johnkelly.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; John Kelly/the Washington Post; Turner, showing off his vintage
ride at Hains Point.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             333 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              April 2, 2010 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Resigned White House post over Nixon pardon

BYLINE: Patricia Sullivan

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 836 words


Jerald F. terHorst, 87, a newspaperman who resigned after one month as White
House press secretary over his disagreement with President Gerald R. Ford's
pardon of Richard Nixon, died March 31 of congestive heart failure at his home
in Asheville, N.C.

Mr. terHorst, Washington bureau chief for the Detroit News, was Ford's first
appointment in 1974 when Nixon resigned the presidency and Ford, then vice
president, succeeded him. Thirty days later, Ford announced that he would pardon
Nixon for any Watergate-related crimes he might have committed. Upon learning of
the pardon the night before the announcement, Mr. terHorst said he was unable to
defend the decision.

"It really was for me an agonizing decision," he later said. "I stayed up most
of that night just formulating a three-paragraph letter of resignation."

Quitting over matters of principle is so rare in Washington that the letter gave
him membership in what former Secretary of State Dean Acheson once called "the
most exclusive club in the America -- men in public life who have resigned in
the cause of conscience."

Mr. terHorst wrote in his resignation letter:

"As your spokesman, I do not know how I could credibly defend that action in the
absence of a like decision to grant absolute pardon to the young men who evaded
Vietnam military service as a matter of conscience and the absence of pardons
for former aides and associates of Mr. Nixon who have been charged with crimes
-- and imprisoned -- stemming from the same Watergate situation.

"These are also men whose reputations and families have been grievously injured.
Try as I can, it is impossible to conclude that the former President is more
deserving of mercy than persons of lesser station in life whose offenses have
had far less effect on our national wellbeing."

Mr. terHorst returned to newspapering as a senior correspondent and syndicated
columnist and in 1981 became director of public affairs for the Ford Motor Co.
He moved from Alexandria to North Carolina in 2006.

Jerald Franklin terHorst was born in Grand Rapids, Mich., on July 11, 1922. He
attended Michigan State University for two years and served in the Marine Corps
during World War II in the Pacific. He graduated from the University of Michigan
in 1947. He was recalled to service in the Marines during the Korean War and was
based in Quantico, Va.

Mr. terHorst had already begun his journalism career, working first for his
hometown newspaper, where he began covering Ford, who represented Grand Rapids
in Congress. In 1953, Mr. terHorst joined the Detroit News. He moved to
Alexandria in 1957 when he joined the newspaper's Washington bureau. Within
three years, he was bureau chief. As a reporter, he was in Dallas on the press
bus when President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in 1963. He later
accompanied Nixon to China.

When Mr. terHorst was appointed press secretary Aug. 8, 1974, an Associated
Press story mentioned that former White House aide Charles W. Colson had tried
to leak derogatory material about Daniel Ellsberg's attorney to Mr. terHorst.
Ellsberg was a former Rand Corp. and Defense Department analyst who gave
newspapers and Congress secret documents about the Vietnam War that became known
as the Pentagon Papers. Mr. terHorst refused Colson's offer, the AP story said.

"He was a very principled man, and those values were quite evident to all of us
growing up," said his son, Peter terHorst of Asheville. Neither Mr. terHorst nor
his wife, who was also a journalist, regretted his decision to leave the White
House, their son said Thursday. "We don't always have examples that rise to that
level, but they both were people of integrity."

A Washington Post Style story on Mr. terHorst's first day in office quoted an
anonymous reporter who said: "He seems too nice to be press secretary. He'll
never last in this lion's den."

After leaving the White House, Mr. terHorst was named the first recipient of the
American Association of Journalists and Authors' Conscience-in-Media Award.
George Washington University's Graduate School of Political Management and its
School of Media and Public Affairs have named an annual award for excellence in
political reporting for him.

In 1974, he wrote the book "Gerald Ford and the Future of the Presidency" and
five years later co-wrote "The Flying White House: The Story of Air Force One"
with Air Force One pilot Col. Ralph Albertazzie.

Mr. terHorst, the only person to have held all five elective offices in the
Gridiron Club, an exclusive organization of Washington journalists, was also a
past board member of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence, the advisory
council for the National Press Foundation and WETA.

He also enjoyed fly-fishing for trout and attending Appalachian arts and crafts
festivals.

His wife of 64 years, Louise Roth terHorst, died last year.

In addition to his son, survivors include three daughters, Karen Morris of
Decatur, Ga., Margaret "Peggy" Robinson of Alexandria and Martha Lubin of St.
Petersburg, Fla.; and eight grandchildren.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Upi; President Gerald R. Ford appointed Mr. terHorst White House
press secretary in 1974.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             334 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 1, 2010 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Digest

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 354 words

REGULATORS

N.Y. Fed details assets bought for bailouts

 The Federal Reserve Bank of New York released new details Wednesday about the
assets it acquired as part of the rescues of Bear Stearns and American
International Group in 2008.

In response to congressional pressure, the New York Fed posted 161 pages of data
detailing the identity and principal balances of the securities in each of its
three "Maiden Lane" portfolios. The first was created to facilitate the rescue
of Bear Stearns in March 2008. The latter were part of a restructuring of the
government's bailout of AIG.

The investments include mortgage-backed securities and credit default swaps,
among other assets, many of which have declined in value. The New York Fed said
Wednesday's disclosure came after it reached an agreement on issues of
confidentiality with AIG and J.P. Morgan Chase, which acquired Bear Stearns.

-- Brady Dennis

 LABOR

UAW health-care fund raises cash in auction

A union trust fund that pays the health-care bills for retired Ford factory
workers raised $1.78 billion by selling warrants to buy the automaker's stock.

The United Auto Workers trust auctioned warrants to buy 362 million shares for
$5 each. They can be exercised between now and the end of 2012.

More than 200,000 retirees and their spouses are covered by the trust, which
started paying their health-care costs in January after Ford began transferring
cash and other assets, including the warrants, valued at $14.8 billion, to the
fund.

The trust was established in 2007 as part of negotiations between Ford and the
UAW. It allowed Ford to remove billions of dollars in liabilities from its books
and gave the union control of health-care coverage at a time when Ford was
struggling.

-- Associated Press

ALSO IN BUSINESS

 -- 7 charged with insider trading at British banks: Seven people were charged
in connection with an insider-trading ring that prosecutors said made about $3.8
million from information garnered at the London printers of UBS and J.P. Morgan
Chase's Cazenove unit, Britain's Financial Services Authority said after a
21-month probe.

-- From news services

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Jeff Kowalsky/bloomberg News; A union health-care fund for Ford
retirees raised $1.78 billion.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             335 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 29, 2010 Monday
                                Regional Edition

Chinese automaker to buy Volvo;
Geely bids for luxury brand to burnish its image in home market

BYLINE: Steven Mufson

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 627 words


Can the marriage of a Chinese maker of low-end, inexpensive automobiles and a
luxury Swedish brand known for safety improve the prospects of both?

That's the gamble China's Zhejiang Geely Holding Group made this weekend by
sealing a deal to buy Volvo from Ford Motor for $1.8 billion, one of the largest
foreign brand acquisitions by a Chinese company. Ford has said it would continue
to share parts and technology with Volvo.

Analysts say the move is designed to be a step toward Geely founder Li Shufu's
ambition to build a global company. The acquisition also addresses Li's need to
polish up Geely's image in China, which has become the world's largest and
fastest-growing car market, and where Geely ranked only 10th among auto
companies with less than a 3 percent market share last year.

But the risk is that the acquisition might tarnish the Volvo brand without
giving Geely the boost it seeks. And the acquisition poses challenges for Geely,
whose revenue is just a fraction of Volvo's.

Li on Sunday said that the acquisition, set to close in the third quarter, was a
"milestone." He said Geely would keep open Volvo's car plants in Sweden and
Belgium, and open a new one in China.

For Ford, the sale marks the end of a failed venture into luxury European
brands. Ford bought Volvo in 1999 for $6.45 billion, but Volvo hasn't turned a
profit since 2005. Ford has been seeking to sell the money-losing unit since
late 2008. And the sale is the last in a string of divestments of foreign brands
by Ford chief executive Alan Mulally, who wants to focus on the Ford line. Since
2007, Ford has also sold Jaguar, Aston Martin and Land Rover.

"Geely is looking, maybe with a realistic eye, and saying, 'Here's an
opportunity for us to catch up,' if talking about quality and image, with global
manufacturers," said John Bonnell, senior director of market intelligence for
J.D. Power Asia Pacific. He said Geely was probably thinking, " 'Maybe, if we
invest money in a company like Volvo and build a relationship with Ford -- maybe
it's money well spent and cheaper than building that quality ourselves.' "

Geely also has purchased a foreign transmission maker in an effort to boost its
technology.

Arthur Kroeber, managing director of Beijing research firm Dragonomics, said
"the purchase of Volvo has nothing to do with international expansion. It's all
about competing here. . . . The reality is that China is the fastest-growing car
market in the world, so Geely needs to improve its technology, brand and look."

In general, Chinese prefer foreign brands, which have two-thirds of the Chinese
car market. The six top-selling brands are all foreign, made by joint ventures.

"The Chinese-made and local brand cars don't look as pretty as imported ones,"
Hu Youqi, a Suzhou architect, said in an interview earlier this year as he eyed
a Buick Regal. "And I feel the quality of foreign brands are better than local
brands."

Li, whose first business was a photo studio, took over the state-owned Geely in
the 1990s when it was a motorcycle manufacturer, and he turned it into a
well-known carmaker. Today, it has 30 models and more than 12,000 employees. Li
has also cultivated political connections, which helped him win approval and
financial backing for the Volvo takeover.

China's car market grew 46 percent in 2009, to 13.6 million vehicles, while U.S.
auto sales slumped to 10.4 million.

"China is the biggest market in the world and Geely's ambition is to do well
there. But I wouldn't underestimate that they have an eye toward going
overseas," said Bonnell. So far, no Chinese company has been able to manufacture
a car that meets U.S. safety standards, analysts say, but Volvo could help Geely
over that hurdle.

Researcher Zhang Jie in Beijing contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Erik Abel/bloomberg News; Ford Motor paid $6.45 billion in 1999
for the Swedish car brand, which hasn't turned a profit since 2005. Volvo's
reputation for security could increase Geely's sales in China, the
fastest-growing car market.
IMAGE; Bjorn Larsson Rosvall/reuters; Xi Jinping, China's vice president,
visiting SKF in Gothenburg, Sweden.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             336 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            March 24, 2010 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Horrors! 'Little Shop' is suddenly sobering

BYLINE: Nelson Pressley

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C05

LENGTH: 627 words


Ford's Theatre is a pretty stately venue for "Little Shop of Horrors," the
gleefully twisted musical featuring a man-eating plant and killer doo-wop tunes.
And maybe the hallowed halls are having an unintended effect: The earnest new
production by Ford's is oddly reserved.

You recall that "Little Shop" is just a gas-- it was an off-Broadway sensation
for years in the 1980s,  then a movie by Frank Oz that did the show justice.
Nowadays even middle-schoolers do it, crooning "Skid Row" and "Feed Me" and
figuring out how to stuff actors down the gullet of that pod from outer space.

Those kids may be having more fun than Coy Middlebrook's competent, rather
hardworking crew at Ford's. The cast is solid enough, with some chemistry all
but guaranteed between Christopher Kale Jones as the nerdy, green-thumbed
Seymour and Jenna Coker-Jones as the ditzy, suburb-longing Audrey. The Joneses
are husband and wife, and they make a winsome duo, especially singing the loopy
love ballad "Suddenly Seymour" together early in the second act.

The laughs are scant, though, and this is a show that should have you in
stitches from its B-movie plot (it's based on a cheapo 1960 flick of the same
name) right down to the witty backing vocals of the omnipresent girl group.
"Little Shop" was always a low-budget lark, a romp through the cliches of
schlock movies and pop music; here, it's a sober theatrical revival.

That's notwithstanding the odd green-bean suits and plastic bubble space helmets
sported by the girl group as they enter singing the upbeat prologue, or the
whirling turntable set fashioned by designer Court Watson. (It would be great if
that set evoked spinning records, but it really just rotates the scene from the
inside of Mushnik's Skid Row flower shop to the gritty street outside, and
back.)

The production doesn't lack for ideas; the playbill interview with Middlebrook
indicates how thoroughly he's thought it through. This is what musical directors
tend to do these days, since old-fashioned showbiz training is hard to come by
anymore. (Song and dance? Not so much.) But you don't really want to contemplate
"Little Shop" -- you want to tap your feet and giggle at the movie in-jokes and
the knowing, evergreen musical riffs penned by Alan Menken and Howard Ashman.

It's an extremely hardy specimen, though, and the talent onstage seems awfully
close to making it bloom. Felicia Curry, Eleasha Gamble and Kara-Tameika Watkins
have plenty of lung power and attitude as Ronnette, Chiffon and Crystal; these
gals and those appealing Joneses give the performance a stable base. Elliot Dash
is in rich voice, singing the part of the ravenous Audrey II (though the lyrics
of the plant's dusky, seductive numbers sometimes get washed out in the sound
mix), and the puppet work by Scott Hitz and Marc Petrosino is terrifically
timed.

You might wish for a more authentic groove from the pit band, however, and for a
carefree wiseacre mood that could really float this spoof. "Little Shop" is a
show for jokers: Just think of the glorious gag that is "Dentist!" -- the
biker-dude number by Audrey's sadistic boyfriend. It should summon something
like Marlon Brando in "The Wild One" grabbing the spotlight to croon a Jerry
Leiber and Mike Stoller hit, but there isn't nearly enough impudent comic
abandon in Evan Casey's turn or in the musical staging. No jokers here, and
nothing's really wild.

Pressley is a freelance writer.

Little Shop of Horrors

by Alan Menken and Howard Ashman. Directed by Coy Middlebrook. Costumes, Wade
Laboissonniere; lights, Chris Lee; music direction, Christopher Youstra;
choreography, Karma Camp. With Christopher Bloch. About two hours. Through May
22 at Ford's Theatre, 511 10th St. NW. Call 202-397-SEAT or visit
http://www.fords.org.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; T. Charles Erickson; GIRL GROUP: Felicia Curry, Kara-Tameika
Watkins and Eleasha Gamble provide plenty of lung power in "Little Shop of
Horrors."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             337 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 23, 2010 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Digest

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 376 words

EUROPE

Merkel: Aid for Greece only as 'last resort'

German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Monday that Germany would consider
financial aid only as a "last resort" if Greece faced insolvency.

Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou is urging E.U. allies to announce a
package to help him ease the country's debt crisis, make borrowing costs lower
and avoid the need for an international bailout.

Merkel signaled that protecting the euro is her priority. "A strong Europe means
a stable currency that remains attractive also for countries that want to enter
the euro area," she said, " andhat's only possible if we all keep to the rules."

The German leader also said there's no need for European Union leaders to make
"concrete decisions" on possible aid to Greece at summit later this week.

-- Bloomberg News

 EARNINGS

Tiffany profit soars on a glint of spending

Rising sales, particularly during the holidays, helped jeweler Tiffany & Co.
quadruple its fourth-quarter profit, compared with last year's quarter, to
$140.4 million, the company said Monday. Revenue rose 17 percent, to $981.4
million.

The period ended Jan. 31 produced more than half of Tiffany's profit for fiscal
2009, and the company forecast 2010 earnings ahead of Wall Street's
expectations. For the year, net income rose 20 percent, to $264.8 million.

A broad rebound in consumer spending is considered critical to any economic
recovery, and a recovery in luxury spending is seen as a harbinger.

-- Associated Press

ALSO IN BUSINESS

 -- Ford to keep 3 corporate planes: Ford Motor, the target of congressional
criticism in 2008 over its use of corporate aircraft, said it took three of its
five planes off the market after failing to find buyers.

Those aircraft are being managed by a contractor and are still used by Alan
Mulally, chief executive, and Bill Ford, executive chairman, spokesman Mark
Truby said Monday.

Ford said in a December 2008 business plan submitted to Congress that it would
sell its planes. Some lawmakers had assailed Mulally and chief executives at the
predecessors of General Motors and Chrysler Group for flying corporate aircraft
to Washington hearings to request a federal bailout. Ford was the only one of
the three to avoid a U.S.-aided bankruptcy.

-- Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             338 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 19, 2010 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Fighter pilot studied jet propulsion engines

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B08

LENGTH: 419 words


S.L. Ross Jr., 88, a retired Air Force colonel who helped develop and improve
jet propulsion engines, died of prostate cancer Feb. 27 at Mount Vernon Nursing
and Rehabilitation Center in Alexandria.

Col. Ross, a fighter pilot who flew 100 combat missions in the propeller-driven
P-51 Mustang during the Korean War, switched to research on jet engines soon
after he left Korea.

He became assistant branch chief of the propulsion laboratory at
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in 1952. Six years later, he was Air Force
representative and chief of the propulsion division at a GE facility in
Cincinnati where jet aircraft engines were being built.

Col. Ross moved to the Pentagon in 1961 as research and development officer for
jet propulsion. In 1967, he was appointed defense attachÃ© at the U.S. Embassy
in La Paz, Bolivia, and four years later transferred to the office of the
inspector general at the Defense Intelligence Agency. He retired in 1974.

He received the Legion of Merit, the Distinguished Flying Cross and the Air
Medal.

S.L. Ross Jr. was born in Toulminville, Ala., and was named after his father.
Their initials did not stand for proper names, Col. Ross's son said; Col. Ross's
father was named S.L. at birth, and the family never got around to putting names
to the initials.

Col. Ross attended the University of Florida and Auburn University before
entering the military in 1942. He was in flight training during World War II and
also attended Purdue University and the Air Force Institute of Technology. He
received a master's degree in business administration in 1962 without ever
earning a bachelor's degree.

In retirement, he was an award-winning restorer of antique Ford V-8 autos. Five
of his restorations -- a 1934 Ford Cabriolet, a 1936 Ford coupe and convertible,
a 1940 Ford convertible and a 1948 Lincoln convertible -- were senior
first-place winners at an annual competition of the Antique Automobile Club of
America. The Lincoln served as the grand marshal's car several times in
Alexandria's St. Patrick's Day parade.

Col. Ross was a member of the Early Ford V-8 Club of America and published
several articles in international auto club magazines.

He also enjoyed fishing and crabbing at the home he built in Piney Point.

Survivors include his wife of 66 years, Lela Ross of Fairfax County; four
children, Linda Ross and Paulette Skomsvold, both of Fresno, Calif., Lee Baer of
Annapolis and retired Army Col. Steven Ross of Piney Point; two brothers; and
four grandchildren.

-- Patricia Sullivan

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Air Force; S.L. Ross Jr. flew 100 combat missions in the P-51
Mustang in the Korean War. In retirement, he was an award-winning car restorer.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             339 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              March 8, 2010 Monday
                                Suburban Edition

Local Digest

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 567 words

MARYLAND

Woman's remains found in park

Police think human remains found Saturday in the Patuxent River State Park are
those of a woman whose body might have been placed there in the fall,
authorities said Sunday.

About 12:30 p.m. Saturday, officers were called to a wooded area of the park
near Brown Church Road near Damascus after someone reported finding human
remains there, authorities said.

Investigators did not know the woman's age or race. The body was taken to the
medical examiner's office in Baltimore, authorities said.

-- Matt Zapotosky

2 drivers, 4 children hurt in collision

 Six people, including four children, were injured Saturday in a two-vehicle
crash in Montgomery County, police said. Two of the children were hospitalized
in critical condition.

The crash occurred about 5:30 p.m. in the 17300 block of Dr. Bird Road in Sandy
Spring, police said. A 2005 Ford Shelby GT heading south collided with a 2004
Toyota Camry heading north, police said.

The driver of the Ford, James Stratton, 61, of Spencerville, was treated on the
scene for injuries that were not life-threatening, police said.

The driver of the Camry, Bini Chacko, 35, of Olney, was taken to Washington
Hospital Center with serious injuries. Four children in the car were hurt,
including a 14-year-old and an 11-year-old who were taken to hospitals in
critical condition. The other passengers, a 17-year-old and a 7-year-old, were
treated and released.

Detectives asked that anyone who witnessed the crash contact police at
301-840-2435.

-- Matt Zapotosky

1 killed, 4 injured in Gaithersburg crash

A Gaithersburg man was killed and four people were injured Saturday in a
three-vehicle crash, police said.

The collision occurred about 5 p.m. at Mid-County Highway and Washington Grove
Lane in Gaithersburg, police said. A 1998 Dodge Durango traveling east on
Mid-County collided with a 1996 Ford Ranger traveling south on Washington Grove,
police said. The Ranger overturned and hit a 2004 Toyota Corolla, police said.

A passenger in the Ranger, Lenard Ostilio Pineda-Guardado, 40, of Gaithersburg,
was killed, police said. The driver and another passenger sustained injuries
that were not life-threatening. The 17-year-old driver of the Durango and a
16-year-old passenger were hospitalized with injuries that were not
life-threatening, police said.

Three other teenage passengers in the Durango and the driver of the Corolla were
not injured, police said.

-- Matt Zapotosky

VIRGINIA

1 killed, 1 injured in Fairfax wreck

A man was killed and another was seriously injured Sunday morning in a one-car
crash in the Great Falls area, police said.

A Toyota minivan traveling west on Walker Road about 4:25 a.m. hit a tree after
the driver swerved, overcorrected and ran off the road, Fairfax police said. The
passenger, Shaun Farokhzad, 19, of Great Falls, was killed. The driver, an
18-year-old Great Falls man, suffered life-threatening injuries.

Authorities were investigating the cause of the crash and said they thought
speed might have been a factor.

-- Josh White

THE DISTRICT

2 Key Bridge lanes to be closed

Overnight work will close two lanes Monday and Tuesday on the Francis Scott Key
Bridge, leaving just one lane open in each direction between 10 p.m. and 5 a.m.,
according to the District Department of Transportation.

Temporary signs and traffic controls will direct motorists through the work
zone.

-- Ashley Halsey III

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             340 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          February 24, 2010 Wednesday
                                Regional Edition

Obituaries

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 868 words

Robert M. Howard Ford Lobbyist

Robert M. Howard, 70, a Ford Motor Co. lobbyist in Washington from 1983 to 2001,
died Feb. 16 at his home in Alexandria. He had cancer.

Mr. Howard was a news director and anchor at a Las Vegas TV station before
settling in the Washington area in the late 1960s as press secretary for Rep.
Walter S. Baring Jr. (D-Nev.). From 1973 to 1983, Mr. Howard was a legislative
aide to Rep. John D. Dingell Jr. (D-Mich.).

Robert Mark Howard was born in Scottsbluff, Neb. He graduated from the
University of Nevada at Reno with a journalism degree.

Mr. Howard enjoyed fishing and was a member of the Northern Virginia chapter of
Trout Unlimited, a conservation group.

His marriage to Elizabeth Scott Howard ended in divorce.

Survivors include his wife of 38 years, Judy Reddan Howard of Alexandria; two
daughters from his first marriage, Kori Moore of Sacramento, Calif., and Kristen
Desjadon of Prescott Valley, Ariz.; two children from his second marriage,
Michael Howard and Meghan Howard, both of Alexandria; a sister; six
grandchildren; one great-grandson.

-- Adam Bernstein

Gisella M. Johns Saleswoman

Gisella M. Johns, 78, who worked for 15 years as a saleswoman in the jewelry
departments at Woodward and Lothrop and then Hecht's department stores, died
Feb. 9 at Suburban Hospital in Bethesda of complications from a fall.

She retired from Hecht's in Friendship Heights after the store was converted to
a Bloomingdale's in 2006.

Gisella Maria Dudas was born in Piliscsaba, Hungary, and worked as a lab
technician in Budapest until the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. She fled to
Montreal and moved with her future husband to the United States in 1960. The
couple lived in New Haven, Conn., and Rockville before settling in Bethesda in
about 1970.

Mrs. Johns had a stroke in 2002 but recuperated almost completely. She
participated in a long-term National Institutes of Health study on stroke
recovery.

Mrs. Johns volunteered during the 1980s at the National Naval Medical Center in
Bethesda. She became a U.S. citizen in 1998.

Her daughter, Audrey C. Johns, died in 2002.

Survivors include her husband of 47 years, David Garrett Gwendraeth Johns of
Bethesda; a son, David Gerald Johns of Glen Echo; a sister; and three brothers.

-- Emma Brown

Phyllis Kowalke Homemaker, Volunteer

Phyllis Kowalke, 87, a homemaker who taught sewing through Montgomery County
Adult Education and volunteered with the county's Meals on Wheels program, died
Feb. 5 at Fairfield Nursing Center in Crownsville of sepsis and complications
from a stroke.

She had worked for several years in the 1980s as a receptionist in the local
Easter Seals office.

Phyllis Carpenter was born in Antigo, Wis., and attended Marquette University
for three years before leaving to help support her family.

She met her future husband on a blind date. The couple moved to the Washington
area in the early 1960s and lived in Silver Spring until about 1985, when they
moved to Henrico, N.C.

Mrs. Kowalke was a member of the Lutheran Church of St. Andrew in Wheaton.

Survivors include her husband of 61 years, Kenneth W. Kowalke of Annapolis and
Henrico; four children, Jaclyn K. Martin of Silver Spring, Jerome "Pete" Kowalke
of Austin, Tex., Janice E. Kowalke of Edgewater, and James Kowalke of Sterling;
five grandchildren; and two great-grandchildren.

-- Emma Brown

Jo Ann Lofland Orange Investigator, Entrepreneur

Jo Ann Lofland Orange, 64, a court investigator, adoption program founder and
antiques shop owner, died of pancreatic cancer Feb. 15 at her home in
Gardnerville, Nev., where she lived for the past 15 years.

Mrs. Orange worked for 12 years in the late 1970s and 1980s as an investigator
for the Montgomery County court system, working with children facing adoption or
whose parents were divorcing. She left that job in 1989 to found and direct the
adoption program at the Jewish Social Services agency in Rockville. Two years
later, she started her own business, the House of Orange Antiques in Annapolis,
which she ran until moving to Nevada in 1995.

Born in Dover, Del., she graduated from the University of Maryland where she
also received a master's degree in social work in 1977.

Her marriage to Mervyn Hamburg ended in divorce.

Survivors include her husband of 20 years, Bud Orange of Gardnerville; three
children from her first marriage, Lisa Hamburg Pearson of Northville, Mich.,
Jonathan Hamburg of Woodsboro, Md., and Jennifer Roach of Nassau, Bahamas; and
seven grandchildren.

-- Patricia Sullivan

 Brent Carlson  Xerox sales executive

Brent Carlson, 66, who retired in 2008 from the Xerox copy machine company as a
sales executive, died Feb. 18 at Montgomery General Hospital in Olney. He had
pneumonia and complications from Parkinson's disease.

Mr. Carlson spent about 35 years at Xerox working in sales  in the Washington
area.

Brent Willard Carlson was a native of Chappaqua, N.Y., and a 1965 graduate of
the University of Maryland. He was a Sandy Spring resident and a member of
Oakdale Emory United Methodist Church in Olney.

His wife, Wendy Hubbell Carlson, died in 2004.

Survivors include a daughter, Paige Carlson-Heim of Princeton Junction, N.J.;
two brothers; a sister; and three grandchildren.

-- Adam Bernstein

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Mr. Howard

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             341 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 9, 2010 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Insurer warned U.S. on Toyotas;
Acceleration issues cited in 2007; automaker recalls Priuses in Japan

BYLINE: Peter Whoriskey

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 804 words


The nation's largest auto insurer alerted federal safety regulators on numerous
occasions starting in 2007 about a rise in reports of unexpected acceleration in
Toyotas, according to the insurer, State Farm.

The warnings, from a firm that maintains a vast store of crash data based on its
customer base of more than 40 million, followed a stream of consumer complaints
about the alleged defect. Regulators received the warnings more than a year
before they pressed the automaker to issue recalls affecting millions of cars
and trucks.

Congressional investigators are now focusing on whether the government reacted
properly to years of complaints and other evidence regarding the acceleration
problems. As those investigations get underway, Toyota announced early Tuesday
that it would recall its 2010 Prius hybrid vehicles in Japan over brake
problems.

The insurer's warnings to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
could add to criticism that the agency missed or overlooked signs of trouble.

"When we see something that might be helpful, we pass it along," said Dick
Luedke, a State Farm spokesman.

Luedke declined to go into detail about the alerts, except to characterize them
as "numerous" and not "everyday" occurrences. "We track claim data and
voluntarily share that data with the National Highway Traffic Safety
Administration," he said, directing further questions to the agency.

NHTSA spokeswoman Karen Aldana said the agency received a claim letter from
State Farm in September 2007 regarding a Camry crash.

"Our investigative staff reviewed the report and added the information to our
complaint database," she said in a statement.

At the time the agency received the letter, it already had a formal
investigation open. The investigation resulted in a relatively small recall and
did not affect the car listed in the State Farm letter. Aldana offered no
comment on the other alerts from State Farm on Toyotas.

The State Farm warnings in the Toyota case echo ones the insurer made more than
a decade ago about accidents involving Firestone tires and the Ford Explorer.
When congressional investigators at the time discovered that the agency hadn't
heeded the State Farm warnings, the furor in part led to legislation that
created an "early warning" system for auto safety.

"If the question is, has NHTSA learned its lesson since then? I don't think it
has," said Joan Claybrook, NHTSA administrator from 1977 to 1981, who testified
at the Ford-Firestone hearings.

In 2000, the agency's treatment of the Firestone and Ford warnings outraged some
members of Congress. After hearings that year, Congress passed the TREAD Act,
which was supposed to have the safety agency create an early warning system to
gather and analyze more information on auto safety to eliminate defects sooner.

The information was to have included defect-related claims involving death and
injury, the number of paid warranty claims, and other reports from
manufacturers.

But a 2004 report from the Department of Transportation's inspector general
found that cost estimates for the project had increased, and that the computer
system "does not have the advanced analytical capabilities originally
envisioned."

The report also noted that much of the information would not be made public.
Public interest groups have since sued in efforts to make the system more open.

"Nevertheless, NHTSA now has much more information from which to identify
potential safety defects than it ever had before," the report said.

Randy Whitfield, a Maryland consultant who has studied auto safety and whose
work has been cited by NHTSA, said the TREAD Act and its early warning
information have proven useful for analyzing car safety.

Using the data, he calculated two years ago that the Toyota-made 2007 Lexus ES
350 and the 2007 Toyota Camry had an unusual frequency of injuries due to
speed-control problems. The information was posted online in October 2008.

He suggested that congressional investigators look askance at any claims by the
agency that it lacked the information to crack down earlier on Toyota.

"This time, the [investigators] shouldn't let NHTSA say they didn't know what
was happening because they didn't have enough information. . . . We shouldn't
just let them kick the can down the road."

Claybrook, who appeared at the 2000 hearings and is scheduled to testify at a
hearing this week, similarly criticized the agency for failing to use what power
and information it has to protect the public.

"It has to do with the enforcement mentality," she said. "The agency has
incredible power, including subpoena power. But if the administrator is not
interested in whether the law is enforced, then these investigations just fall
by the wayside. I've seen it over and over and over again."

Correspondent Blaine Harden contributed to this report from Tokyo.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Phil Coale/associated Press; Technician Ron Hamilton repairs a
Toyota accelerator assembly in Tallahassee.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             342 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 6, 2010 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

Ford addresses hybrid braking issue; Toyota president apologizes;
Problem is unrelated to others that plague Japanese automaker

BYLINE: Frank Ahrens and Blaine Harden

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 724 words


Automaker response to squishy-feeling brakes on hybrid vehicles spread beyond
Toyota to Ford on Friday, and the president of Toyota held a surprise news
conference in Japan, apologizing for safety problems that have led to massive
vehicle recalls around the globe.

Ford said it will install a software fix on the braking system of 17,600 Ford
Fusion and Mercury Milan hybrids that should alleviate the feeling that the
brakes are failing when applied by the driver.

Like the Toyota Prius, the Ford hybrids employ an innovative system known as
regenerative braking, which converts braking energy into electrical energy,
which is pumped back into the car's battery. But the hybrids also have a
conventional hydraulic braking system, and when the vehicle's electronic
controls switch from one system to the other as the driver is braking, it can
momentarily feel as if the brakes are failing.

Ford believes the software fix will firm up the feeling of its hybrids' brakes
by preventing the vehicle from unnecessarily switching between systems; it has
already installed the fix in vehicles built after mid-October. The company said
no injuries have been reported related to the glitch.

Toyota, on the other hand, has not decided what to do about similar consumer
complaints in Prius brakes; it has denied daily reports predicting massive
pending Prius recalls. On Friday, the Japanese media said nearly 300,000 Priuses
could be recalled worldwide.

"We are aware of no decision on how best to handle" owner complaints about the
Prius brakes, Toyota spokesman John Hanson said.

On Thursday, the U.S. government launched a formal probe into the brakes on the
2010 Prius. In January, the company recalled 2.1 million Toyotas for problems
related to sticking gas pedals. This was in addition to 3.8 million vehicles
recalled in September for what the company said was an unrelated problem with
the floor mat and gas pedal.

Toyota Motor President Akio Toyoda, grandson of the company's founder, said he
will personally head a new global quality task force to repair the company's
image and fix quality problems.

"We express our heartfelt apology for causing trouble and concern to many of our
customers," Toyoda said in Japanese during a news conference at Toyota
headquarters in Nagoya, Japan. "We want to appeal to all our customers all over
the world that we have their interests at heart."

A decision on the Prius braking issue will be reached as soon as possible,
Toyoda said. The Prius was Japan's best-selling car last year.

Toyota acknowledged on Friday that the braking system in the 2010 Prius is
similar to that in the Lexus HS 250h hybrid, also made by Toyota. Meanwhile, the
South Korean media reported that country's government is weighing a recall of
some of the fewer than 1,000 Priuses there.

As part of the new Toyota task force, the company said it will hire outside
experts for the quality committee, executive vice president Shinichi Sasaki said
at the news conference. The other elements of the six-point plan largely involve
improving systems already in place -- key among them, collecting data from
Toyota owners in a more timely fashion. In online forums, Toyota owners are now
saying they have experienced sticking gas pedals on models dating back to 2003.

"As the head of a manufacturing company, I feel that to have given anxiety to
our customers is very regrettable," Toyoda said. When a reporter asked Toyoda
whether he would make any comments in English, he said, "Please believe me. We
always put customers first."

Until his surprise evening news conference on Friday (7 a.m. in Washington),
Toyoda, 53, had stayed mostly out of sight amid an avalanche of vehicle recalls,
North American car plant closures and rising consumer alarm about the safety of
Toyota vehicles.

The company has lost almost $34 billion in market value as the recall has grown
to almost 8 million units worldwide.

Toyota said this week that recalls already underway for problematic gas pedals
could cost $2 billion.

Meanwhile, nearly 200 complaints have been reported in the two countries over
braking problems with the car.

"Rather than focus on the number of cars we sell, we will put our first priority
on taking away our customers' anxiety and winning back trust," Toyoda said. "I
believe that trust will come back to us as days pass."

Harden reported from Japan.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Justin Sullivan/getty Images; Toyota's president apologized to
customers and vowed to personally lead a new quality task force.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             343 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      February 5, 2010 Friday 11:00 AM EST

Real Wheels

BYLINE: Warren Brown, Washington Post columnist, washingtonpost.com

SECTION: LIVEONLINE

LENGTH: 2017 words



HIGHLIGHT: Washington Post cars columnist Warren Brown was online Friday,
February 5, at 11 a.m. ET to discuss the auto industry. Plus, he gave purchase
advice to readers. Brown has covered the cars industry for The Washington Post
since 1982.


Washington Post cars columnist Warren Brown was online Friday, February 5, at 11
a.m. ET to discuss the auto industry. Plus, he gave purchase advice to readers.
Brown has covered the cars industry for The Washington Post since 1982.

The transcript follows.

____________________

Anonymous: "Testifying before a Capitol Hill panel on Wednesday morning, LaHood
told drivers of recalled Toyotas to stop driving them immediately and take them
to a dealer. When the news was reported moments later, shares of Toyota stock
plunged 7 percent, erasing $3 billion of company value. LaHood backed off his
statement later, saying instead that if Toyota owners have doubts about their
cars, they should take them to a dealer."

DUHHH?! Isn't that a bit redundant after we, NOW, know at least 19 people are
dead from the criminal acts committed by Toyota Executives over the last 5
years. Anyone who owns a Toyota that is one of those "re-called" should take
heed from what we already know and not drive it, or allow anyone they care for
to drive it, until it is repaired properly. Go get a rental car and charge it to
Toyota; and if rental companies are stuck with Toyota products -- they should
ground them as well. If anyone was watching the Today Show this morning and saw
the woman describe how her mother, Mrs. Alberto, was killed when her Toyota
Camry accelerated to 80 Miles Per Hour on a residential street and hit a tree --
you would agree. Thankfully, there was not a group of children walking along and
happened to be in the path of the run-away Toyota Camry. At 80 MPH, they would
have all been killed or maimed; not just this mother and grandmother. Most
states require a yearly safety inspection and it is beyond me that the
Department of Motor Vehicles has not stepped up and forbid these dangerous
vehicles to be on "our" streets and highways.

Warren Brown: Dear anonymous:

Your note contains several assumptions that may or may not be true, especially
assumptions of criminal intent. At the moment, Toyota's recall remains
voluntary--as opposed to court-ordered. There have been no allegations of
criminality. Toyota should be treated like anyone else in our judicial
system--innocent of criminal intent, even with admitted error, until proven
guilty.

_______________________

Ford; Long-Term Quality: Off the topic of Toyota, I'm thinking about trading in
my 03 bug for a new Ford Fusion Hybrid. However, the long-term quality horror
stories of Ford scare me. I know the FFH won a whole bunch of awards and is
consistently rated super-high in initial quality across awards, but what do we
know about the "new" Ford in the long-term?

Warren Brown: Ford's "long-term horror stories" are mostly just that--stories,
often told by people who have never driven a Ford, or driven one in lately.

Ford and its domestic siblings, GM and Chrysler, went through an unfortunate
period--late 1960s through mid-1990s--in which they all pursued profit and
market share at the expense of their customers. That generation of harm wrought
a generation of opprobrium, from which they are still struggling to emerge.

Toyota should take heed. It has made many of the same mistakes...with similar
results.

Bottom line: The customer rules. You forget the customer, you lose...big.

_______________________

Rockville, Md.: Hi Warren,

I have owned Honda products exclusively since 1975 and with 100K miles on my
2005 Acura TL (6 speed manual) I have started looking at my next purchase. I'm
about your age and 6" 5". I "tried on" a new TSX and found the head room a bit
lacking because of a thicker sunroof. What else should I be looking at that
would be about that size, sporty, with a 4-cylinder and manual tranny? A Mazda
3? A Speed 3? A Jetta?

Thanks.

Warren Brown: We also think alike. The Mazda3 was the first thing to come to my
mind. That was followed by the Volkswagen CC Sport and VW Jetta TDI---for
starters.

_______________________

Washington, D.C.: Do you think there is a possibility of the Toyota recall
extending to other car companies? I heard that investigators are trying to pin
down which companies the supplier of the accelerator supplied parts to. By way
of background, my grandfather had a similar acceleration problem on his 2006
Honda Accord.

Warren Brown: Yes, Washington, possibly. The modern world of automobile
manufacturing greatly relies on same-source suppliers to reduce costs. But let's
not rush to blame the suppliers. Although producing for rival companies,
same-source suppliers often manufacture to the exact specification, design,
material and price requirements of the original equipment manufacturer. A lot
can go wrong in that matrix, as things often do. But yours is a logical, and
possibly correct conclusion.

_______________________

Silver Spring, Md.: Mr. Brown:

You pointed out that several of the missing vendors at the D.C. Auto Show were
not big sellers in D.C. or were gas hogs, both of which was correct.

Can you explain the absence of Infiniti? Certainly they're a big seller, not
usually considered gas hogs. I was surprised.

Warren Brown: Yes.

Infiniti is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nissan, which, this year, has pulled
out of many regional auto shows (such as the DC show) to save money. Nissan also
had no manufacturer-sponsored exhibit, unless I somehow missed it, at the North
American International Auto Show in Detroit.

These are lean times. GM, for example, has vaulted from the annual National
Automobile Dealers Association Show, an often expensive venue for exhibitors. GM
is trying to save money, avoid dealer anger stemming from the manufacturer's
decision to eliminate many of its US dealerships, and avoid being accused of
spending money to party with dealers. Taxpayers who own 64 percent of GM would
neither understand nor appreciate spending money that way.

_______________________

Fortaleza, Brazil: I have seen NO news about Toyota's woes here. Do the problems
involve just cars built in North America? As far as I know, Toyotas sold down
here are either built domestically or, in a few cases (e.g., RAV4), imported
from Japan.

Warren Brown: Toyota probably uses different suppliers, with possibly different
product specifications to build in your country. But no one really knows, or has
really explained, exactly what is causing the acceleration and braking problems.
We'll see.

_______________________

Bethesda, Md.: Hi Warren, my wife and I have a third car -- an 1989 Volvo 245
"brick" wagon (driven maybe 1000 miles per year). It is a great car and we have
no troubles with it despite it having over 200,000 miles. We have two small
children and have no troubles with them either. The wife has an AWD Toyota
Highlander and I have a Pontiac G8 GXP, the latter of which is not good in the
snow to say the least. I am considering selling the Volvo and getting something
of the 4x4 variety and better in the inclement weather (and with more room),
such as an older (2004) Ford Expedition or Lincoln Navigator. These cars
typically sell for $11,000 - $15,000. Will you please talk me out of this? I am
sure I will regret getting rid of the Volvo, but don't need four cars at the
moment. Thanks,

Warren Brown: Hello, Bethesda:

Winter is a season. In our mid-Atlantic region, it normally is a relatively
short, mild season. The Ford Expedition and, to a certain extent, the Explorer
guzzle gas fall, winter, spring and summer. It doesn't make sense to pay a
four-season price for a dubious one-season benefit.

If the Volvo truly is safe to drive, keep it and shod it with proper snow tires.
Summer camp costs money. And let's not even discuss private school or college
tuition.

Looking for more space and all-wheel-drive traction at a reasonable price? Check
the many crossover-utility- vehicle offerings at
www.thecarconnection.com,www.edmunds.com, www.autobytel.com, or www.cars.com,
the latter an affiliate of The Washington Post.

_______________________

Falls Church, Va.: Setting aside the engineering questions, why has Toyota's
public relations about their problems been so bad? Communication with the public
has been sparse, fragmentary, and often second hand from dealers. One reason
LaHood's comments caused such a panic was because Toyota failed to get out a
consistent, forthright message first. The company seems to be a step behind
events again and again.

Warren Brown: Here's the deal:

Toyota, now and then, like everyone else, has made manufacturing goofs. But
unlike everyone else, especially unlike the domestic manufacturers, Toyota was
given a pass on its mistakes by a doting media--the whole biased business about
Toyota making cars that people want and domestic manufacturers making cars that
no one wants (as if the people putting out that nonsense never paid attention to
annual sales or market share).

With that institutional bias, in many ways bolstered by our federal government
(read some of the transcripts from congressional hearings on the auto industry
bailout), it was easy for Toyota's public relations people to wave the
good-faith banner and shoo a less-than-inquiring media and federal regulatory
force away.

But the truth, or some semblance of it, was bound to hold sway. Check out
ToyotaProblems.com, carComplaints.com, myCarstatistics [it may be
myCarStats].com, all of which are sites where disgruntled Toyota owners over the
years have voiced complaints--from transmission problems to scrathes--about
their Toyota vehicles.

Afterwards, go to www.nhtsa.dot.gov and look at Toyota list of defects
investigation, recalls, service bulletins, and consumer satisfaction campaigns.

Especially, study the last two with this in mind:

A recall" is statutory. That means the government exercises its power of the
judiciary to force a manufacturer into court. If the government prevails in that
matter, the manufacture is ordered, by federal fist, to fix what the government
says is broken, or to remove the product from the marketplace.

There have been very, very few ordered recalls. Why? They are messy, costly. If
the government loses, the Justice Dep. gets egg on its face. If the manufacturer
wins, the manufacturer loses anyway. Months of bad publicity aren't good for
sales. And those hot-shot defense attorneys employed by the manufacturer aren't
cheap. I think they bill by the second.

Why didn't you hear about those consumer complaints against Toyota? The say
answer is that those complaints, although a royal pain in the buttocks, were
neither safety nor emissions related--the only two recallable items.

So, Toyota, the master of silent recalls, handled those matters via "service
bulletins" and "consumer satisfaction" campaigns.

Essentially, it worked like this: If customers complained about the problem
item, fix it free of charge or at reduced cost. Make the customer feel as if
you've done him or her a great favor. Toyota was good at that.

Anyway, an estimated 96 percent of "recalls" are voluntary, such as the one we
now have with Toyota in the United States.

Bottom line:

Perhaps if the general U.S. media had treated Toyota the same way it treated GM,
Ford and Chrysler--jumping on those three for any error or perceived error,
large or small--perhaps then Toyota wouldn't find itself in the position it
finds itself today.

As I've often said in this space and elsewhere: Everybody makes mistakes. God
did not anoint one race, nation, or car manufacturer "infallible genius." Your
failure today, properly acknowledged and handled, can be the tool of you
resurrection tomorrow. In short, it's easy to be humbled, Toyota. Embrace
humility for the gift that it is.

_______________________

Warren Brown: Thank you all for joining us today. I will answer as many Toyota
questions as possible by Tuesday of next week. Thank you, Sakina, for producing.
My best wishes for Master Ibrahim.

Lunch time , Ria. Actually, considering the weather, you should go home.

_______________________

Editor's Note: washingtonpost.com moderators retain editorial control over
Discussions and choose the most relevant questions for guests and hosts; guests
and hosts can decline to answer questions. washingtonpost.com is not responsible
for any content posted by third parties.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2010 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             344 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 1, 2010 Monday
                                Regional Edition

For Toyota, an important drive to reassure nervous customers;
Without giving details, ad campaign pledges fix for gas pedals

BYLINE: Bruce Shipkowski and Tom Krisher

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 571 words


Toyota has launched a media campaign to bolster its reputation for quality as
nervous customers confront dealers across the country about faulty gas pedal
systems.

Crisis-management experts said Sunday that the recall of millions of cars and
trucks isn't the Japanese automaker's only problem: Its message to Toyota owners
-- delivered in full-page ads Sunday in 20 major newspapers -- isn't as clear
and reassuring as it needs to be.

On Monday, the head of Toyota's North American sales division, Jim Lentz, is
scheduled to appear on NBC's "Today" show to detail the company's plans for a
fix. Federal regulators have approved Toyota's plan to start sending parts to
dealers in the coming days.

Toyota dealers over the weekend said they had noticed a drop in customer traffic
and sales but have faith that customers loyal to the brand before last week's
recall will not abandon it altogether. Dealers selling U.S. brands have seen
more Toyota drivers in their lots than usual, but for now those visits haven't
translated into many new customers.

Toyota's black-and-white ads Sunday characterized the halt in sales and
production as a "temporary pause" to put customers "first." The ads don't give
details on how the pedals will be fixed or when customers can expect a remedy.

The company has said the recall of about 4.2 million cars and trucks is related
to condensation that builds up in the gas pedal assembly and can cause the
accelerator to get stuck. Dealers say the fix involves slipping a shim into an
area where springs push the gas pedal back to its resting position after a
driver has eased off the gas. Toyota has not commented on the repair.

"They are trying to do the right thing," Alexander Edwards, president of
automotive research group Strategic Vision, said of the ads. "But what's going
on isn't stated very clearly, and that causes more uneasiness with customers."

Larry Smith of the Institute for Crisis Management in Louisville said, "The ads
are intended to buy Toyota a bit of time, to ask people to give them a chance."
But what matters now is "how Toyota expresses its plan and executes the
repairs," Smith said.

Industry analysts expect Ford to be among the beneficiaries of Toyota's troubles
because some of its models have recently received good quality scores from third
parties such as Consumer Reports magazine.

Rob Larson, a sales manager at Larson Ford in Lakewood, N.J., said he hadn't
seen an influx of disaffected Toyota customers. But he expects to see them soon
as more people learn about incentives being offered by Ford, such as $1,000 to
Toyota, Lexus, Scion, Honda or Acura drivers who trade in vehicles or have
leases expiring by June 30. General Motors and Chrysler are offering similar
deals to lure Toyota customers.

At Hyundai Giant in New Port Richey, Fla., chief executive Scott Fink said
dealers are having trouble figuring trade-in values on Toyotas, wondering
whether they will drop even after they are repaired.

He said it's too early to tell whether Toyota will suffer an exodus.

The recall widened beyond Toyota over the weekend. France's largest automaker,
PSA Peugeot Citroen, said it was recalling 100,000 cars across Europe to change
accelerator pedals on two models designed and produced in a joint venture with
Toyota. The recall is a "preventive" measure, Peugeot said, adding that no
evidence suggests accidents or safety problems linked to the pedals.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Brian Snyder/reuters; Potential buyers look at Toyota Corollas
at Boch Toyota in Norwood, Mass. The automaker's decision to recall eight models
and suspend sales and manufacturing of them has kept many shoppers away.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             345 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 29, 2010 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Digest

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 332 words

EARNINGS

Ford posts first yearly profit since 2005

Ford Motor posted its first full-year profit since 2005 and said it expects to
stay profitable in 2010 despite a still-fragile economy and a debt-heavy balance
sheet.

Ford posted a profit of $2.7 billion in 2009 and a fourth-quarter profit that
soundly beat Wall Street forecasts, supported by a strong return from its
financing arm and operating profits in its global automotive operations.

The full-year profit snapped a three-year streak of losses that totaled $30
billion from 2006 through 2008, including a record loss of $14.77 billion in
2008.

For the fourth quarter, Ford posted a profit of $868 million, compared with a
year-earlier loss of $6 billion. Revenue rose 22 percent, to $35.4 billion.

-- Reuters

Microsoft soars on Windows 7 sales

Boosted by sales of its Windows 7 operating system, Microsoft said its fiscal
second-quarter profit rose 60 percent, to $6.66 billion from $4.17 billion in
the period ended Dec. 31 a year earlier. Revenue rose 14 percent, to $19.02
billion.

The world's largest software maker also predicted that business spending on
technology will rebound this year, which would be good news for its enterprise
software.

-- Reuters

ALSO IN BUSINESS

 -- Reagan budget director Stockman, SEC reach deal: David Stockman, who was a
budget director in the Reagan administration, reached a tentative settlement of
a Securities and Exchange Commission lawsuit claiming he misled investors while
leading auto-parts maker Collins & Aikman.

The SEC said in a court filing that it negotiated a tentative deal with Stockman
and other former Collins & Aikman executives. Terms were not disclosed.

-- Wal-Mart reorganizing U.S. operations: Wal-Mart Stores said it is realigning
its U.S. operations to give more autonomy to executives in regional markets. It
will combine realty, store operations and logistics divisions under business
units headed up by regional presidents in the West, South and North.

-- From news services

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Mark Gail/the Washington Post; A Ford catches the eye of
4-year-old Joshua Lyons at the Washington Auto Show. Ford's products captured a
lot of eyes in 2009.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             346 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 25, 2010 Monday
                                 Met 2 Edition

For U.S. soldiers, shantytown survivors' needs surpass the mission;
FREED GANGS POSE THREAT Police chief hopes troop presence will deter crime

BYLINE: Dana Hedgpeth

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 909 words

DATELINE: PORTAUPRINCE, HAITI


The Haitian men stood outside the razor wire, lined up on both sides of the dirt
road, waiting. When Army Capt. Andrew Salmo stepped out from the makeshift
military quarters in a former school, he and about 20 of his men were swarmed by
the Haitians.

With iPhones, they snapped pictures of the soldiers, asked for food, water and
jobs, trying to show the troops their government ID cards and get them to take
down their names and skills. It took the soldiers almost 20 minutes to go about
half a block to a church where they planned to take food and water.

"People are friendly," Salmo, 28,  said. "They don't want just handouts. They
want jobs. I have to tell them 'No, we're the Army. We're not Ford Motor
Company.' "

Since arriving in Haiti last week, the 140 infantrymen have delivered more than
15,000 meals and 30,000 bottles of water. Salmo and his men of Alpha Company,
1st Battalion, 2nd Brigade, 82nd Airborne -- about 40 percent of whom have
served in Iraq and Afghanistan -- are trying to focus on getting help to Cite
Soleil, a shantytown just outside the capital where about 300,000 people live
under tin roofs and in tents made with bedsheets.

It is considered one of the poorest places in Haiti -- and in the Western
Hemisphere. The town, some say, didn't have as much damage from the earthquake
as other places because it was too poor to fall, having few two-story buildings.
Still, 3,000 people died there and 15,000 were injured.

But Cite Soleil's police chief worries that criminals who escaped from a nearby
prison damaged by the quake will again take up in Cite Soleil.

For years, the area was dominated by gangs notorious for kidnappings and
killings. But in 2004, after U.N. security forces arrived, the town's violence
ebbed and many of the gang leaders were eventually thrown in jail.

Days after the earthquake, some gang leaders who had escaped from the prison
showed up at the police station and asked for a weapons cache, Haitian police
said. And a few gang members -- one of whom was named "Blade," after the Wesley
Snipes movie about a vampire -- were lynched by a mob after they tried to
reorganize, the police said.

Aristide Rosemond, the city's police chief, lost his parents, his wife and
daughter in the earthquake but has been going to work every day to try to
maintain control of his force. He has only three or four police officers per
shift on the streets. Usually he'd have 15.

For Salmo, who served 12 months in Iraq in 2005, establishing a relationship
with local leaders is crucial to helping the Haitians help themselves in the
long term -- a strategy he tried in Iraq.

"All we're doing now is passing out fish," he said. "If you teach a man to fish,
you feed him for life." He's hired locals who speak English to help him figure
out whom to trust, paying them mostly in MREs -- Meals Ready to Eat.

Rosemond asked Salmo whether the U.S. military could keep a presence in the town
by passing out food and water, as it had earlier in the week, hoping that
criminals who see Americans in uniform would be deterred from picking up guns he
believes they've stashed away.

"What about offering people food and water in exchange for turning in their
weapons?" Salmo asked. The police chief agreed that could work, but Salmo said
he'd need to check with his higher-ups before they started it.

After meeting with Rosemond, Salmo and his men took a tour of the shantytown's
neighborhoods, which have American names like Boston and Brooklyn.

Along the narrow, trash-strewn streets, many people went about their daily
lives. One young girl braided another one's hair. A woman bathed her small
toddler in a plastic tub of murky water. And a man fried plantains in a pot of
oil next to a woman on a blanket selling dented cans of peas and sardines.

As Salmo and his men passed, kids yelled, "Hey, you! Hey, you!" A few men said
thank you and others joked -- Please, take over Haiti.

For some soldiers, being in Haiti is merely a pit stop to being deployed to war.

"I'd rather be in Iraq or Afghanistan," said 1st Sgt. Santos Cavazos, who lost
his left eye in a battle in Iraq. "There you know there's a bad guy, and our job
is to look for him."

He added: "Here, we're like a football team being put in front of a Ping-Pong
table. It's a learning curve."

When Salmo's men couldn't get their Humvee and trucks down a road blocked by a
fallen electrical pole, they took out an ax and chopped down the pole, drawing
stares from the locals.

"They've never seen someone just stop and do something," Guiteau Nestant, a
Haitian police sergeant, said as he walked with Salmo. "They believe that if an
American is in a place to help, everybody survives."

After looking at a destroyed school, Salmo headed back to his base camp and
gathered reports from his men on other food and water deliveries they'd made
that day.

The delivery at the Catholic church didn't go as smoothly as he'd hoped. The
friars had a complicated system of giving out tickets to those who should get
food, but some people became frustrated when they didn't get the tickets and
weren't offered food.

"We were the goon squad when we were pushing people away and we still had food,"
said Sgt. Andy Anspach.

Go back and finish the job, Salmo told him.

"Yes sir," the sergeant replied.

Remember, he told his men, "they had a crisis of biblical proportions. We're
going to stay on as long as people want us to stay."

"We're going to try to fix it," he said. "We may not, but we're going to try."

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Carol Guzy/the Washington Post; Haitians remove goods from a
severely damaged store as U.S. soldiers come upon the scene. After the soldiers
left, the looting continued.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             347 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 22, 2010 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Rebound awaited in an American manufacturing hub;
JOB LOSSES CLIMBING Obama in Ohio to offer assurance of turnaround

BYLINE: Michael A. Fletcher

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 1292 words

DATELINE: ELYRIA, OHIO


The last time Barack Obama came to this struggling blue-collar city was during
the 2008 presidential primary campaign, when he told workers at the National
Gypsum drywall factory that if elected he would pursue a "job-creation agenda."

Now, as President Obama returns here Friday, the drywall plant is closed, its 58
jobs victims of a steep downturn in housing construction.

Obama's day-long visit to the nation's withering manufacturing heartland is
intended to show distressed and skeptical Americans that he is doing all he can
to create jobs. For the president, this is an increasingly urgent mission, as
the nation's anxiety around joblessness threatens to undercut his ambitious
domestic agenda. There was more bad news Thursday as jobless claims unexpectedly
spiked.

And a close look at Lorain County reveals the limits and unintended consequences
of some of his signature policies. Those limitations underscore the difficulty
that even a president faces pushing against the hidden hand of the global
economic marketplace.

The National Gypsum plant closed in May 2008, eight months before Obama moved
into the White House. Pummeled by the housing downturn, the factory joined a
decades-long exodus that has seen thousands of good jobs disappear at the
heavy-manufacturing firms that once powered this region's economy.

In recent decades, one major company after another -- American Shipbuilding,
U.S. Steel, Ford Motor -- has closed or severely cut its workforce in Lorain
County. In some cases, production was moved overseas or to nonunion areas in the
South, where labor is cheaper. Other times, firms were forced to fold in the
face of foreign competition.

"I don't think we can replace the jobs that have left," said Michael Winiasz,
president of Advanced Design Industries, a 40-year-old Lorain County firm that
designs and builds custom machinery. "We decided 30 or 40 years ago to allow
this migration of jobs. We have to do something to change that."

Officials here have fought back with one job creation idea after another. The
unions and community college have spent millions in federal money retraining
displaced workers. Firms willing to create jobs receive tax breaks.

The $787 billion economic stimulus plan enacted by Obama last February has
brought at least $33 million to Lorain County. Among other things, the money has
paid for youth summer jobs, Head Start slots, housing vouchers, road repairs,
home weatherization projects and the transformation of a historic railroad
station into a new transportation center.

Separately, German chemical giant BASF has won a $24 million Department of
Energy grant to begin production here of a key component in the next-generation
lithium-ion batteries that power hybrid and electric cars.

Local leaders have long promoted the idea of creating a wind farm on Lake Erie.
Area workers in the underused plants that dot this region's landscape could
manufacture turbines. Others could be trained to erect and service them. "That's
what we're banking on. That's our game changer," said Lorain County Commissioner
Ted Kalo.

But that idea is burdened by concerns about its economic viability and the
ability of the electrical grid to integrate huge amounts of wind power, making
it appear years from fruition. In any case, many banks, still reeling from the
financial crisis, are reluctant to fund such ventures.

All of those plans and efforts have not been enough to alter the bleak
employment picture.

Effect of auto bailouts

 When candidate Obama visited Lorain County, the jobless rate here was 6.9
percent. By the time he took office, it was up to 7.9 percent. It reached a high
of 11.5 percent last summer, before retreating to the current level of 9.5
percent.

The high jobless rate is hurting many businesses that have never recovered from
the relentless wave of plant closures, feeding into a downward cycle.

Jim Bodnar, president of Market Square Home Furnishings, started in the waterbed
business in 1975. He expanded into all manner of furniture and eventually had
three stores. But as the plants have closed, his business has dwindled. He once
employed 16 people; now he has five workers. He once offered them health-care
coverage, but no longer.

The American-made furniture that once filled his showrooms has given way to
products made in Vietnam, Indonesia and China. And the easy credit that for a
long time propped up many of his customers is getting harder to come by.

"The last good run we had in my place was when the stimulus checks went out in
2008," Bodnar said. "People can't get financing right now."

It is a common complaint. Obama received plaudits in this area for championing
the controversial multibillion-dollar bailouts of General Motors and Chrysler.
The bailouts no doubt saved jobs across the country, but businesspeople here say
those efforts are being undercut by other forces.

Anthony B. Giardini, chairman of the Lorain County Democratic Party and a lawyer
who represents auto dealers, said many domestic auto dealers are having trouble
getting loans to finance their inventory. It is not that the banks don't have
money, he said. It is just that they do not see American cars as a safe bet.
"This is a problem," he said. "A huge problem."

The auto bailout itself was problematic, Giardini said, as it led to the
elimination of 1,900 General Motors and Chrysler dealers, including 120 in Ohio
-- five in Lorain County. "That was a mistake the administration made, thinking
fewer dealers would help the manufacturers. It is just the opposite," Giardini
said. "Multiply each of those dealerships by about 30, that's how many jobs you
are talking about. Good jobs."

Overseas labor

 Other job losses seem far beyond the president's ability to prevent. In nearby
Brooklyn, Ohio, a garment factory that employs 300 union workers to make
high-end Hugo Boss suits plans to close in April, probably moving to Eastern
Europe, where wages are lower.

"We are working hard, struggling to survive," said Wanda Navarro, 44, who has
worked at the plant for 10 years and makes $11.85 an hour, plus benefits. "I
don't know how I'll pay for my house if they go through with this."

As Obama discusses the nation's economy, he often stresses that expanding
health-care coverage and educational opportunities and embracing clean energy
are essential to job growth.

But in the short run, some of his policies could cost existing jobs, especially
health-care reform, if it is enacted. One of the few large businesses that has
prospered in Lorain County in recent years has been Invacare, a maker of home
medical devices, such as walkers and wheelchairs.

The company has 1,300 employees in Lorain County but has stopped hiring in
anticipation of a tax on medical devices that was proposed to help pay for the
president's health-care reform plan.

A. Malachi Mixon III, who led a group of investors who bought the company from
Johnson & Johnson in 1979, said the tax would cost his business $15 million a
year -- as much as he spends on research and development. If a tax were enacted,
he said, he would seriously consider moving jobs to his factories in China and
Mexico.

"I'm not making money in my Lorain plant now," said Mixon, who has suspended
contributions to the company 401(k), and frozen executive salaries in
anticipation of the tax. That, in turn, has left many of his employees nervous.

"This tax will ultimately result in the loss of company revenue/profits, which
will in turn, result in the loss of jobs for Invacare and Lorain County," read
an e-mail sent to county Democratic Party officials in advance of Obama's visit
by Joe Simonetti, who identified himself as a company employee. "I, personally,
would rather pay more in taxes than to have Invacare pay the tax, just so I can
keep my job."

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Invacare has 1,300 workers in Lorain County, but the medical
supply business recently stopped hiring to offset an expected tax on devices,
proposed to help pay for the president's health-care reforms.
IMAGE; Photos By Madalyn Ruggiero For The Washington Post; "The last good run we
had . . . was when the stimulus checks went out in 2008," longtime furniture
seller Jim Bodnar said.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             348 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 12, 2010 Tuesday
                                Regional Edition

At Detroit auto show, Washington gets close-up look at its investment;
Pelosi applauds new product lines, industry 'renaissance'

BYLINE: Peter Whoriskey

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 701 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


Forget the latest turbocharged engine or aerodynamic design. The star attraction
Monday at the North American International Auto Show was the spectacle of House
Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), House Majority Leader Steny H. Hoyer (D-Md.)
and Secretary of Labor Hilda L. Solis, with a bevy of other Washington officials
touring the show.

Encircled by boom mikes and cameras, the group from Washington tried plugging in
the new Chevy Volt, the electric car from General Motors. They traipsed across
the convention center to review Chrysler's new power trains. Then they got
behind the wheel of the Ford Focus.

More than anything that was said or done, however, the tour and the attention it
garnered reflected the new relationship between the industry and the government,
which has invested more than $80 billion in propping it up.

"We've seen ideas turned into policy turned into product," Pelosi said
approvingly after seeing the Volt.

Her trip through the exhibition hall here resembled a car-shopping expedition,
except that instead of the usual salesmen, the Washington group was cajoled by
chief executives  and board chairmen: Edward E. Whitacre Jr. from  General
Motors, Bill Ford Jr. and Alan Mulally from  Ford, and Chrysler's Sergio
Marchionne.

The government's nurturing of the U.S. auto industry,  Pelosi and other
Democrats hope, will create more U.S. jobs.

"What we're seeing today is a renaissance," she said during a luncheon.

Through the bailouts, emissions-control legislation,  health-care debate and
trade agreements, the federal government can exert profound influence on all of
the automakers. But the outfit with arguably the most at stake is General
Motors, into which the government has invested $50 billion. The government has
also become the company's majority shareholder.

Before meeting Pelosi and the others, GM chief executive Whitacre said he had
planned to tell them  that "they made a great investment in GM."

"The government's investment is well placed, and I think they will make a lot of
money," Whitacre told reporters.

Still, not everyone was so enamored with the government's involvement.

About two dozen "tea party" protesters -- activists who advocate lower taxes and
less government -- endured the cold and snow here Monday morning to register
their dissent.

And on Tuesday, the Detroit News and a radio station are sponsoring a debate
over whether the science on global warming justifies the imposition of more
stringent fuel-economy standards. Among the announced panelists are Rep. Fred
Upton (R-Mich.); University of Michigan climatologist Henry Pollack; Cato
Institute climatologist Patrick Michaels; and Kathryn Clay, director of research
for the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers.

While exactly what the government should do for the auto industry remains a
matter of debate, at least some in Detroit welcomed the federal attention.

"I always said the U.S. administration was the only car-producing nation in the
world where the administration and the politicians in the capital didn't know
about the American car companies, didn't care about American car companies," GM
Vice Chairman Bob Lutz said during a speech here  Sunday night, according to
news accounts. "None of the politicians drove American cars -- they drove
Japanese and German and Swedish cars. . . . Tragically we had to go through
Chapter 11, but now, finally our government in Washington is not only keenly
aware of us but also very much desirous of seeing us succeed."

United Auto Workers President Ron Gettelfinger, who accompanied Pelosi through
much of her tour of the show, said the federal government has a role to play as
it negotiates trade agreements and other issues.

Steven Rattner, who led the Obama administration's effort to restructure GM and
Chrysler, attended the show and said that in the wake of the federal
intervention he sensed "constrained optimism" about the industry.

He is writing a book about his experiences in the bailout, to be titled
"Overhaul." Although Congress is paying lots of attention, Rattner said the
government's intention is to retreat.

"The government's goal is to step back, step back, step back," Rattner said. "I
don't see the government plunging in deeper."

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Bryan Mitchell/getty Images; Dancers introduce the Volkswagen
NCC Hybrid concept car during a preview of the auto show in Detroit.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             349 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 10, 2010 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

Logging on to the dashboard;
At Las Vegas electronics show, the Web and cars meet, to some concern

BYLINE: Cecilia Kang

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 513 words

DATELINE: LAS VEGAS


What happens in Vegas could soon hit the open road.

Even as policymakers and safety advocates worry that the use of gizmos in cars
is driving people to distraction, companies including Ford Motor showcased
dashboard innovations at the Consumer Electronics Show. The topic was so
prominent, in fact, that hundreds of booths dedicated to computers and cars gave
the industry event a Detroit Auto Show feeling.

Ford, for example, has a lineup of cars decked out with Internet dashboards that
allow people to use Twitter and Facebook and stream Internet radio from behind
the wheel. Alan Mulally, Ford's chief executive, described the firm's "in-car
connectivity strategy" as core to its corporate turnaround.

"These are the features that set us apart," Mulally said in his keynote speech.

Demand for such innovation is growing, according to the Consumer Electronics
Association, which reports the tally for "sales of in-vehicle gadgets are
expected to top $9.3 billion for 2009."

But as the use of technology accelerates, policymakers are proceeding with
caution. Distracted driving is deadly, they say.

In 2008, nearly 6,000 highway deaths were caused by distracted driving -- with
many of those distractions caused by cellphone use. On any given day, 800,000
drivers use cellphones on the road, according to the National Highway Traffic
Safety Administration.  According to a Pew report, one  of three teens admit to
texting while driving.

Trade show vendors showcased safety innovations, too. Among the wares from
start-ups were software and gadgets aimed at shutting down cellphone use or
making communications safer on the road. Global Traffic Network sends traffic
warnings about accidents by cellphone ringtones. ZoomSafer's software locks down
phone calls and texting when a car hits 15 mph.

Federal Communications Commission Chairman Julius Genachowski was among
policymakers at the show who stressed Washington's role in addressing technology
issues -- in particular, distracted driving.

Transportation Secretary Raymond H. LaHood  has called texting while driving an
"epidemic," and said he puts his BlackBerry in the glove compartment to ensure
he won't use it.

FCC  member Meredith Attwell Baker has said she puts her two smartphones in her
purse and then stows it in the trunk.

"I just don't want to be tempted," she said in an interview last month.

Some officials have acknowledged  it might be unrealistic to expect drivers to
put their gadgets away.

During a CES panel Friday, Peter Appel, the Transportation Department's head of
research and technology, said his agency is looking into ways technologies can
make driving safer. Location-based applications could make the driver's seat
rumble to warn of an accident ahead. Also, software firms such as Safe Driving
Systems and Txtblocker showed off technologies that would block text messaging
and inbound calls while on the road.

Creating new technologies and making the roads safer "can be very complementary
objectives," Appel said. But ultimately, he said, "the responsibility of the
driver is more important than any action."

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Daniel Acker/bloomberg; The Ford MyTouch Microsoft Sync services
page is displayed on a mock interior at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las
Vegas.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             350 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 9, 2010 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Small cars make big splash in Detroit;
Trucks and SUVs are no longer the stars of the auto show

BYLINE: Peter Whoriskey

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 629 words


The North American International Auto Show, the annual automotive gala in
Detroit, may be best known as a stage for manufacturers to display their latest
rolling leviathans.

But to judge from this year's show, the next big thing may be small.

Driven in part by the recession, and in part by shifting consumer tastes and
global marketing strategies, the U.S. manufacturers who once obsessed over
trucks and muscle cars are casting a spotlight on their diminutives.

Chevrolet plans to display its new Cruze and Aveo as well as the tiny Spark.
Ford will highlight its Focus and new-to-the-United States Fiesta. Chrysler will
put up a Fiat 500. And the Japanese automakers, who entered the small-car fray
earlier and more forcefully, will show off the new Mazda 2 and Honda CR-Z and
the most recent hybrids.

"It was cool for a while to be in a monster vehicle. Now it's uncool," said John
DeCicco, a University of Michigan lecturer and longtime auto industry observer.
"The Big Three were in denial. But I think they get it now."

Shifting sales figures reflect the new emphasis. Over the past eight years, the
market share of compacts and subcompacts has grown from 15  to 23 percent,
according to figures from Edmunds.com. Dealers and others said they see a move
across the spectrum to smaller vehicles of all types.

"We've definitely seen a shift from large SUVs to smaller SUVs, and those who
looked at larger cars are now looking at mid-size cars," said Alex Perdikis,
executive vice president of Jim Koons Automotive. "With the shift in the
economy, people are looking to be more economical in more facets of their life."

Industry analysts attributed the change to a number of disparate forces. The
recession has forced many consumers to reconsider their spending habits. The
taste for miniaturization is seeping from consumer electronics into the auto
showroom. The quality of small cars, once maligned as "econoboxes," has
improved. With the memory of soaring gas prices so recent, consumers have
developed a preference for fuel efficiency. And finally, manufacturers seeking
to operate globally are eager to bring some of their models that have proved
popular overseas to the U.S. market.

In the same way that an iPod Nano is considered more elegant than a boom box,
"things that are large and clumsy are considered out of date and unsophisticated
these days," said Sheryl Connelly, Ford's manager for global trends.

Ford sales have shifted dramatically as a result. In 2004, Ford sales were 70
percent trucks and SUVs and 30 percent cars. In 2009, they were 60 percent cars,
the company said.

"There is a shift, definitely a shift toward small cars -- not a stampede," said
Jack Fitzgerald, who sells Buick, GMC and Subaru products at his Fitzgerald Auto
Mall in North Bethesda. "It's not like when gasoline was $5 a gallon and
everyone was clamoring for small cars. [But] people have not forgotten the gas
price increase. Consumers know sooner or later gas prices are going to go up
again."

Easing the way for consumers is the evolution of small cars. Using turbocharging
and direct fuel injection, techniques often used in high-performance cars,
engineers have rendered small-car engines more peppy and efficient. Jessica
Caldwell, a senior analyst at Edmunds.com, points to Ford's new Fiesta, already
a top seller in Europe as a car of much higher quality than its defunct
predecessor.

"The original Fiesta was an econobox," Caldwell said. "The new Fiesta is a
different vehicle. It has more creature comforts and a much better engine. It's
not even related."

"We believe we can give the consumers fuel-efficient cars with some sex appeal
and some personality, which has not always been the case," GM spokesman Greg
Martin said.

Staff writer V. Dion Haynes contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             351 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 6, 2010 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Auto sales rebounded in December;
'The recovery is really slow' Ford surged as Chrysler and GM slipped

BYLINE: Peter Whoriskey

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 450 words


The U.S. auto market continued its slow crawl out of the recession in December
as more consumers bought cars, but shoppers' enthusiasm remained well below
pre-crisis days.

In December, the annualized rate of auto sales in the United States climbed to
11.2 million, according to Edmunds.com. That's up from 9.1 million at the nadir
earlier last year but far from the halcyon days when auto sales ran over 16
million annually.

"The recession shook the foundations of consumer confidence," said Ken Czubay,
Ford's vice president of U.S. sales and marketing.

"Everything is improving, but the recovery is really slow," said Jessica
Caldwell, senior analyst at Edmunds.com. "It's not even growth, really -- it's
more like stabilization." While nearly every major automaker is struggling in
the United States, General Motors and Chrysler, the two U.S. automakers bailed
out with billions of dollars in government funds,  remain particularly troubled.

Chrysler's December sales fell to 86,523, down 4 percent from December 2008,
according to Autodata. Sales were down 36 percent for the full year.

General Motors, which is now largely owned by the U.S. government, saw sales
drop to 207,538 in December, a 6 percent decrease. Its sales were down 30
percent in 2009, compared with 2008.

Susan Docherty, GM's vice president of U.S. sales, attributed the sales drop to
a reduction in fleet sales, a drop in spending for consumer incentives, and the
decision to close the Pontiac and Saturn brands.

One bright spot for the U.S. industry was Ford, which experienced a drop in
annual sales but outperformed December 2008's sales by 33 percent last month.

The economy's recessionary plunge put the auto industry under intense pressure
in 2009, one of the most transformative years ever for the industry.

After the bailouts of GM and Chrysler, the government initiated a $3 billion
"cash for clunkers" program to revive sales with government-backed rebates;
eventually, 700,000 cars were traded in under the program.

As the U.S. market collapsed, meanwhile, China's surged, and it has begun to
rival the United States as the largest auto market.

Many in the industry see the wreckage as pure catastrophe. But some
environmentalists  think the drop in the market reflects not just economic
forces but changing consumer tastes.

Lester Brown, founder and president of the Earth Policy Institute, projects that
there were more cars scrapped last year in the United States than sold.

"America's century-old love affair with the automobile may be coming to an end,"
he said.

"That's pretty preposterous," said John DeCicco, a University of Michigan
lecturer and former senior fellow at the Environmental Defense Fund. "We're far
from that."

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Brian Snyder/reuters; U.S. sales for General Motors decreased 6
percent in December and 30 percent for the year as a whole, despite an industry
upswing.
IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             352 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 5, 2010 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

DIGEST

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 440 words

AUTOMOTIVE

 Ford transfers health-care liabilities

 Ford Motor said Monday that it completed the transfer of its retiree
health-care liabilities to a union benefits trust on Thursday, the last day of
2009.

The transfers, announced Monday, were part of a court-approved settlement
agreement.

Chief Financial Officer Lewis Booth said moving the liabilities to the United
Auto Workers Retiree Medical Benefits Trust -- which it set up along with
General Motors and Chrysler to pay for retirees' health care -- will make the
automaker more competitive.

"We have removed a substantial health-care liability from our balance sheet and
have significantly reduced health-care expenses," he said.

Ford also said it prepaid $500 million of debt owed to the union trust.

BANKRUPTCY

Filings in U.S. rose 32 percent in 2009

U.S. consumers and businesses filed for bankruptcy protection at a pace that
made 2009 the seventh-worst year on record, with more than 1.4 million
petitions.

An Associated Press tally found 1.43 million filings, an increase of 32 percent
from the previous year. There were 116,000 recorded bankruptcies in December, up
22 percent from the same month a year before.

Filings have risen each year since 2006, shortly after Congress overhauled the
U.S. bankruptcy system.

Bankruptcies surged to around 2 million in 2005 as consumers rushed to file
before the new law took effect but then plummeted in 2006. They've been climbing
ever since.

Western states saw a particularly fast rise in 2009, with Arizona up 77 percent
and Wyoming 60 percent.

ALSO IN BUSINESS

 -- UBS whistleblower headed to prison: A federal judge refused to postpone
prison or consider a lighter sentence for Bradley Birkenfeld, the Swiss
banker-turned-informant who helped launch the U.S. tax-evasion investigation
into banking giant UBS. Birkenfeld was sentenced to three years and four months
for fraud conspiracy.

-- SEC names new official: A PricewaterhouseCoopers partner was named to head a
division of the Securities and Exchange Commission that was blamed for
contributing to the breakdown that let Bernard Madoff's fraud go undetected for
16 years. SEC Chairman Mary Schapiro named Carlo V. di Florio director of the
Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations.

-- Tax preparer settles suit: H&R Block agreed to refund as much as $19.4
million in fees to customers who put their tax refunds into the firm's "Express
IRAs." The largest U.S. tax provider also will pay $750,000 in fines and other
costs to the state of New York, which sued the company alleging that the
accounts' high fees made it likely that holders would lose money.

-- From news services

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             353 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             January 3, 2010 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Down week ends S& P index's worst decade

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G05

LENGTH: 294 words


U.S. stocks fell last week, but the  Standard & Poor's 500-stock index still
finished the year with its  biggest annual increase in six years. However, the
major rally that began in March couldn't prevent the index from posting its
worst decade ever.

Ford Motor fell  1.3 percent for the week, pushing  its loss for the decade  to
80 percent, even though it has rebounded strongly since  the credit crisis
threatened to push the carmaker into bankruptcy last year. Apple, which  beat
analysts' profit estimates for 19 consecutive quarters, climbed 0.8 percent,
extending its advance for the decade  to 720 percent.

This year's rally wasn't enough to restore money lost in two bear markets in the
past decade -- one after the Internet bubble collapsed in 2000, and one when
more than $1.7 trillion on global bank losses sent the index to a 38 percent
decline in 2008. Including dividends, the S&P 500 has posted an average decrease
of 0.8 percent a year since 1999, the first negative return for a decade since
data began in 1927, according to S&P analyst Howard Silverblatt.

"This dispelled two myths: the notion that investment gains are easy, and the
notion that stocks will win for the patient investor, no matter what we pay,"
said Robert Arnott, founder of Research Affiliates in Newport Beach, Calif.

The S&P 500 slipped 1 percent, to 1115.10, last week, paring its 2009 gain to
23.5 percent, the biggest advance since it climbed 26 percent in 2003. The Dow
Jones industrial average fell 0.9 percent, to 10,428.05, finishing the year up
18.8 percent.

Investors who put $10,000 in stocks on Dec. 31, 1999, have about $9,200 now,
while the same amount in 10-year Treasury notes would have grown to about
$18,000 with a 6.1 percent annualized return.

-- Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             354 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 24, 2009 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

AUTOMOTIVE

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 79 words

Ford expects to sell Volvo soon

Ford moved closer Wednesday to selling its money-losing Volvo unit to China's
Geely Group, saying a final deal is expected early next year if financing and
government approvals fall into place. The amount of Geely's offer was not
announced.

If the sale goes through, it would be another step in the U.S. auto industry's
retrenchment from global operations, as well as another acquisition of such
assets by a Chinese company.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Casper Hedberg/bloomberg News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             355 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 24, 2009 Thursday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Year of the electric car dawns, with some new inconveniences

BYLINE: Peter Whoriskey

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1113 words


It was dark and rainy, and the battery on his nifty Mini E electric car was
almost gone.

Paul Heitmann rolled quietly through the suburban New Jersey gloom, peering
through the rain on the windshield, not sure what he was looking for, anxiety
turning into panic. He needed juice. He spotted a Lukoil gas station, which was
closed, and beside the point, anyway. But beyond the pumps, there was a Coke
machine, and it was lit up.

"I thought 'Finally!' because I knew if there was light, there would be
electricity," he said. "I managed to find the outlet behind the Coke machine and
plugged in."

As many of the auto companies tell it, next year may be the year that the
massive U.S. auto industry really begins to go electric.

The all-battery Leaf from Nissan is scheduled to go on sale in November. General
Motors will begin selling the Chevy Volt, a primarily electric car (with a small
auxiliary gasoline engine that kicks in to boost the car's range). Ford has
plans to produce an electric commercial van. The Obama administration has doled
out $2.4 billion to companies involved in producing batteries and other parts of
electric cars.

"We have to get on with the electrification of our industry," William Clay Ford
Jr., chairman of Ford, said during a visit to Washington on Monday.

"I know we have to have an electric car," GM Chairman Edward E. Whitacre Jr.
told reporters last week.

But overshadowing prospects for the transition of the vast U.S. auto fleet to
electric -- and the billions of dollars the automakers have invested in the
switch -- is the question of whether anyone beyond a sliver of enthusiasts will
soon embrace the newfangled cars, which force drivers to rethink their habits
and expectations of convenience.

For now, the only major automaker with a fleet of new all-electric vehicles
priced for mainstream consumers is BMW, with its 500 Mini E electrics in what
the company describes as a test of the technology. To judge from interviews with
drivers and more than a dozen of their blogs, it has also proved to be a test of
consumer adaptability.

The electrics pose two primary challenges to convention: When fully charged,
electric cars generally cannot travel even half the distance that a conventional
car can go on a full tank. And once the battery is depleted, there are few
places to recharge besides home, and the charging process can take hours.

Heitmann, for example, sat in the dark beside the Coke machine for one midnight
hour to make sure he had enough charge to make it the four miles to his mother's
house.

"I sat there looking at the gas pumps that said $2.45 a gallon," he recalled.
"And I thought, 'What I wouldn't give to be able to use that.' Two and a half
dollars, and I could have gotten another 25 miles."

Many of the Mini E drivers are rhapsodic about the car's performance and the
promise of environmental benefits, as is Heitmann. They have been, after all,
willing to join a select group that pays about $850 a month to lease the cars
and have a recharging wall box installed at their homes. But when Mini E drivers
get together, their talk often turns to the art of maximizing the number of
miles they can get with a single charge.

Their tricks: They slow down -- driving fast takes more power per mile because
of aerodynamics and other factors. So some poke along at 55 mph on the highway
as other drivers zoom past. In a pinch, they turn off the heater or the air
conditioner, tolerating a chill or a sweat to get another mile. And they have
learned that in very cold weather, they must further restrict their travels.
When temperatures dip, the normal 100-mile range can shrink to as little as 80.

"I was shocked," said Robert Hooper, 44, a computer manager from New Jersey,
when he realized how much his range shrank in the cold. When he considers the
prospects of the 70-mile trip to his fiancee's house in the cold, he said, "I'm
nervous."

Timothy Gill, 59, a software engineer from Maplewood, N.J., learned the hard
way.

With a round-trip daily commute of 85 miles, Gill figured he could easily live
within the official 100-mile range of the Mini E. And he did, until the first
cold snap.

His next blog entry tells the story: "Towed! After only 87.8 miles. . . .
Sheesh!"

The car companies staking investments on electric cars argue that such
difficulties will soon be minimized. They say that the cars, now pricey, will be
manufactured more cheaply as they are produced in greater numbers. Battery
innovations will provide greater range at lower cost. The problem of the cold
will diminish as heating systems are better-developed.

Perhaps most critically, they say, public charging stations will become far more
common.

There are about 117,000 gas stations in the United States.

By contrast, a database of public recharging stations maintained by Tom Dowling,
an electric-car enthusiast in California, lists 734 public charging stations in
the United States, with the vast majority in that state.

Dowling said the comparison to gas stations isn't completely apt because most
charging can be done at home.

But the lack of public charging stations is a widely recognized hurdle for the
electrification effort.

In conjunction with Nissan, a company called Ecotality has a $100 million
federal grant to set up about 7,000 stations in five states.

Given these hurdles, some automakers and environmentalists have cast a wary eye
on the enthusiasts.

"I would argue that the case for the electric car is not proven," said Jim
O'Donnell, chairman and chief executive of BMW North America, which built the
Mini E. "We're not quite sure people are willing to go for it. We're asking
consumers to pay more and get less. Our view is: Proceed with caution."

John DeCicco, a University of Michigan lecturer and former senior fellow at the
Environmental Defense Fund, said that the expectations for electric cars were
similarly high in the '90s, after California passed a zero-emissions mandate.

"What they were saying about electric vehicles then is about what they're saying
now," he said. "They were banking on battery breakthroughs then. They're still
banking on them."

Nevertheless, the enthusiasts remain optimistic, many hoping to lead the way to
weaning the U.S. from foreign oil and others concerned about the environment. By
DeCicco's reckoning, the carbon footprint of the Mini E is about half that of
the gas version of the Mini Cooper.

"The car is a joy," said Gill, the Mini E driver whose previous car was a '93
Toyota Corolla and who long ago began bringing cloth bags to the supermarket for
environmental reasons. His new license plate says "WHY GAS."

"The range of the cars and the infrastructure has to improve," he said. "But
that will happen."

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Helayne Seidman For The Washington Post; Timothy Gill juices up
his Mini E. When it got cold, he found that the battery didn't last as long.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             356 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 20, 2009 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

2010 Ford Taurus SHO;
2010 Ford Taurus SHO

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 389 words


The bottom line: Ford is finding its way back to the hearts of car lovers. The
Taurus SHO, an all-around excellent piece of automotive work, competitive on all
levels with everything in its class, and actually better in many cases, is
proof. But is it too much to ask that desirable increases in car quality be
given to us without sizable increases in cost?

Complaint: This one comes from the Bureau of Wanting Everything. Increased
acceleration and superior handling are nice. But can we get them with increased
fuel economy and decreased purchase cost?

Ride, acceleration and handling: Ride and acceleration are excellent. Handling
is among best in class. Driving this one is pure joy.

Head-turning quotient: The 2010 Taurus SHO and its siblings retain much of the
boxy rear end of the predecessor Ford 500 sedan. But the severe linearity of the
old has been relieved and rendered attractive by the clever, sleek front-end
sculpting of the new. Also, thumbs up to the designers who developed the grille
for the new Taurus line. It's pleasantly distinctive.

Body style/layout: The 2010 Taurus SHO is a full-size, front-engine,
all-wheel-drive, high-performance family sedan. Other Taurus models are
front-wheel-drive.

Engine/Transmission: The new Taurus SHO comes with a 3.5-liter, 24-valve,
twin-turbocharged (thus, all of that extra forced air) V-6 engine that develops
365 horsepower at 5,500 rpm and 250 foot-pounds of torque at 3,500 rpm. The
engine is linked to a six-speed transmission that can be shifted automatically
or manually.

Capacities: There are seats for five people. Trunk capacity is generous at 20.1
cubic feet. The Taurus SHO can be equipped to tow a trailer weighing 1,000
pounds. The fuel tank holds 19 gallons of premium gasoline.

Safety: Standard equipment includes front/rear solid disc brakes with antilock
protection, electronic stability and traction control, electronic brake force
distribution, side and head air bags.

Price: The base price on the 2010 Taurus SHO is $37,770. Dealer's invoice price
on base model is $34,583. Price as tested is $45,080, including $6,485 in
options and a $825 destination charge. Dealer's price as tested is $41,051. A
$1,000 consumer's rebate is available at this writing. Prices are sourced from
Ford, Edmunds.com and Cars.com, and Cars.com, an affiliate of The Washington
Post.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             357 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 20, 2009 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Powerful new SHO symbolizes Ford's resurrection

BYLINE: Warren Brown

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 697 words


Conventional wisdom congratulates Ford for forgoing last year's feast of federal
bailouts, as if Ford's absence from that table of taxpayers' money signaled
extraordinary competence and virtue in a time of corporate recklessness and
greed.

The truth is less heroic, which is that Ford was well on its way to ruin long
before General Motors and Chrysler traveled that road.

But unlike its Detroit brethren, Ford was urgent and straightforward in
admitting that it had lost its way and that it needed a fast turnaround in
pursuit of a prosperous "Way Forward," which was the corporate name of its
self-initiated recovery program.

It was a teachable moment missed by GM and Chrysler. Put simply: When you're
lost, don't stay lost for long. Admit that you don't know where you're going, or
what you're doing. Seek help, which is what Ford did in 2006 in choosing former
Boeing executive Alan Mulally as its president and chief executive.

Mulally did not waste time or sentiment. He did away with Ford's costly,
underperforming darlings -- Aston Martin, Jaguar, Land Rover. He scrapped
assembly and supplier plants that were manufacturing more debt than quality
products. He streamlined corporate management, and he overturned one of Ford
management's worst decisions -- the 2006 scrapping of the Taurus car brand.

Mulally brought back the Taurus name in the 2008 model year, arguing that the
only thing wrong with the car was what had gone wrong with the company. Ford had
forgotten that it was in the car business. Cars, as a result, went by the boards
in favor of what Ford management construed as more lucrative trucks. The Taurus,
originally introduced in 1986 to consumer and critical acclaim, did not fail.
Instead, Mulally argued, Ford management had failed the Taurus.

He said the company and the Taurus brand needed the same thing -- better cars,
much better cars. And he delivered.

The proof is in a variety of new Ford automobiles: the Fusion Hybrid, the
reworked Ford Focus, the Lincoln MKZ, the new Fiesta, and this week's subject
car, the 2010 Taurus SHO (Super High Output).

When introduced in 1989, the Taurus SHO, equipped with a 3-liter, 220-horsepower
Yamaha V-6 engine, quickly became a favorite among married men with children. It
was a car suitable for a holiday trip to grandma's house and a weekend on local
racing circuits. That it was priced a tad below $20,000 was a bonus, affording
high-performance driving on a shoestring budget.

The 2010 Taurus SHO follows much the same formula as the original -- with 365
horsepower and 350 foot-pounds of torque in a twin-turbocharged V-6 engine -- in
a car that otherwise has all of the character and accommodations of a big family
sedan.

But though it is measurably more affordable than its foreign high-performance
rivals, the new Taurus SHO is by no means cheap. Pricing now starts at $37,770
on a car that requires premium unleaded fuel for "best performance."

The new Taurus SHO also differs from the old in that the new is full-size and
leans more toward luxury, as opposed to the mid-size measurement and middling
appointments of the old.

The changes can be disconcerting to people who grew up with up with the old
Taurus. Ria Manglapus, my Washington Post assistant for vehicle evaluations, was
taken aback by the size of the new Taurus and the complexity of its instrument
panel. "Too big with too many buttons," she said.

But if you can get past those things, as I did the moment I keyed the ignition,
you'll find lots to love. Fit, finish and overall comfort easily are among the
best in business. Overall performance in acceleration and handling rivals that
of more expensive cars -- and that includes Audi, BMW and Lexus.

Delivering 17 miles per gallon in the city and 25 miles per gallon on the
highway won't impress motorists who measure automotive value by how far they can
drive on a gallon of fuel. But for those of us who remain easily seduced by
horsepower and torque, it's a pretty neat trick, accomplished in this case by
Ford's 3.5-liter "EcoBoost" V-6, which uses a combination of direct fuel
injection and larger volumes of forced air to create maximum power without a
commensurate increase in fuel consumption.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Ford

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             358 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 19, 2009 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Digest

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 596 words


LEGAL

Google loses French digital-book case

A French court ruled that Google's expansion into digital books breaks France's
copyright laws, and a judge slapped the Internet search leader with a
$14,300-a-day fine until it stops showing literary snippets.

Google was also ordered to pay $430,000 in damages and interest to French
publisher La Martiniere, which brought the case on behalf of a group of French
publishers.

Google attorney Alexandra Neri said the company would appeal.

The judgment will have little or no effect on Internet users outside of France.

French books that are in Google's database with publishers' consent will remain
searchable, even in France.

-- Associated Press

BANKING

7 U.S. banks fail, bringing year's total to 140

Regulators on Friday shut down two big California banks, as well as smaller
institutions in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Michigan and Illinois, bringing to
140 the number of U.S. banks felled this year by the weak economy and mounting
loan defaults.

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. took over all seven. Regulators shuttered
First Federal Bank of California, based in Santa Monica, with $6.1 billion in
assets, and Imperial Capital Bank of La Jolla, Calif., with about $4 billion in
assets. Also closing their doors Friday were: Atlanta-based RockBridge
Commercial Bank; New South Federal Savings Bank, based in Irondale, Ala.;
Citizens State Bank of New Baltimore, Mich.; Peoples First Community Bank of
Panama City, Fla.; and Independent Bankers' Bank, based in Springfield, Ill.

The FDIC estimates the failure of the seven banks will cost the deposit
insurance fund more than $1.8 billion. The 140 failures are the most in a year
since 1992 during the savings-and-loan crisis. The failures compare with 25 last
year and three in 2007.

-- Associated Press

Also in Business

BP workers win $100 million in damages A federal jury Friday awarded more than
$100 million to 10 workers who claimed they were injured in 2007 when a toxic
substance was released at BP's Texas City plant. The jurors in Galveston,
southeast of Houston, gave each contract worker $10 million in punitive damages
plus additional awards for pain and suffering and medical expenses. The verdict
came after 1 1/2  days of deliberations following a three-week trial.

In a statement, BP denied it had harmed any of the workers. "The verdict, and
punitive damages award in particular, is utterly unjustified, improper and
unsupportable," BP said.

Tony Buzbee, the workers' attorney, said his clients were pleased with the
decision, adding he had approached BP before the trial and had offered to settle
for $10,000 for each worker. BP rejected the proposal, he said.

-- Ford plans to speed up debt repayment: Ford Motor chief executive Alan
Mulally said Friday that the automaker plans to speed up debt repayment as its
financial condition continues to improve. Ford has about $27 billion in debt.
Mulally says the company repaid $10 billion this year and has sold $1.6 billion
worth of stock. He said the automaker will accelerate payments as it continues
to move toward profitability in 2011.

-- Carnival profit slips: Deep discounts on cruises and slower bookings by
cash-strapped travelers combined to drag down Carnival's fiscal fourth-quarter
profit by 48 percent compared with a year ago. Carnival said Friday that its
profit for the three months ended Nov. 30 fell to $193 million. Revenue fell 2.7
percent, to $3.21 billion from $3.3 billion. A 15 percent drop in fuel prices
during the quarter helped Carnival beat Wall Street expectations.

-- From news services

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             359 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 17, 2009 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Beyond repair?;
In Ohio's fading steel towns, workers are still waiting for economic revival

BYLINE: Anne Hull in warren, ohio

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 2359 words


All day long the front door buzzes at Uptown Gems & Jewels. The people come in
with their trinkets wrapped in tissue or velvet boxes. They say their hours have
been cut or they've been laid off. Some have their first names stitched in
cursive on their uniforms, others wear safety-toe boots.

At campaign time, they are celebrated as the people who built America. Now they
just want to know how much they can get for a wedding band.

"Let me show you something," says Dallas Root, standing behind the counter with
a jeweler's loupe strung around his neck. He holds up a gallon-size Ziploc bag
that's two-thirds full of gold -- engagement rings, class rings, promise rings,
serpentine chains, St. Christopher medals, bracelets, anklets and earrings.

"This is just this week," Root says.

Uptown Gems & Jewels doesn't offer the refined science of Wall Street or
Washington. But when Root puts the loupe to his eye, he peers into the lives of
the working class and sees how badly the recession has knocked them to the
ground.

The same week he holds up the sack of gold is the same week that Ford Motor Co.
posts third-quarter profits of $1 billion, news that sparks optimism that a
national recovery is underway. But a good week for some is still a terrible week
for others.

In this corner of northeast Ohio, from Warren to Youngstown, where the old steel
mills along the Mahoning River stand like rusted-out mastodons in the weeds, the
recession was a final cruelty piled on top of three decades of disappearing
jobs.

The recession here wasn't a black hole at the end of a sustained boom, or
downgrading from Target to Wal-Mart or cutting out $3 drinks at Starbucks. It
was a confrontation with survival.

As other areas of the country start to revive, the recession's full force is
still on display here. Winter has descended. Unemployment benefits are running
out. New jobs have not appeared. And the door keeps swinging open at Uptown Gems
& Jewels.

Dallas Root tries to describe the moment when a person parts with his last glint
of prosperity.

"They don't want to look desperate," he says. "They say, 'I've had this stuff
lying around and I was thinking about getting rid of it.' There's a lot of pride
in Warren."

But the pride is mixed with 15 percent unemployment and a sickening worry that
the recovery might never touch this place.

'A final erasure'

The road from Warren and Youngstown is a graveyard of silent machines behind
chain-link fences. Near the Pennsylvania border, this 25-mile stretch along the
Mahoning River was the world's fifth-largest producer of steel until the late
1970s, when more than 50,000 jobs vanished in a decade. The General Motors plant
in Lordstown, which employed 14,000 in the 1970s, is down to about 2,500
workers.

The ladies at Holy Trinity Ukrainian Catholic Church still sell pierogies every
Friday, and Youngstown's classic rock station still bows its shaggy head before
playing "Crystal Ball" by Styx, but the grit and grime of industrialization has
mostly gone overseas.

Since January 2008, another 10,000 manufacturing jobs have been lost, according
to recent Ohio employment figures.

In Warren, the once-mighty Delphi Packard Electric is a ghostly presence after
the auto-parts maker cut 260 more employees. The $2 million in income tax
revenue the city received from Delphi in 2003 has dropped to $70,000. Smaller
casualties abound: Ohio Lamp laid off 80, Mahoning Glass announced the closure
of its 100-worker plant and the list goes on.

"It's a final erasure," says John Russo, a labor studies professor at Youngstown
State University, describing the lethality of job losses and plant closures.

Here is what the recovery looks like in the land of the working class:

Grown women in hairnets are working alongside teenagers at drive-through
windows, and college graduates are loading bread trucks.

"A 48-year-old Youngstown man was charged, accused of stealing $14 worth of food
from Rite Aid Pharmacy," reads an entry in the weekly police report published in
the Vindicator. "A Youngstown woman, 21, was charged with filling a shopping
cart with $154 worth of groceries and leaving an Aldi food store without
paying."

In a place defined by work, there is little to be had.

One gray morning, a man named George Tomlin is grateful to be driving to his
job.

Tomlin, 41, has worked in an aluminum foundry, a meatpacking house and a vinyl
fabricator, each job paying a little less than the one before. Two years ago, he
found temp work in a factory that made flowerpots. He received $7.50 an hour and
jolts to his belt buckle from static electricity coming off the assembly line.

"There were other places that were dirtier, but you didn't get shocked every 15
minutes," Tomlin says with resignation. "This is what people around here without
union jobs have to do to survive."

Tomlin found his own version of economic recovery last year when he landed a
$10-an-hour job that seems like it might last.

Just before 8 a.m., he pulls into the company parking lot where hundreds of cars
are already parked and more are arriving. Carrying his lunchbox and Thermos, he
walks toward the bright lights of the 82,000-square-foot facility.

Behold the new factory: a mega-call-center that employs 1,280 workers who field
incoming customer-service calls for a wireless phone company and a satellite
television provider. The center is operated by the Omaha-based West Corp., lured
to the area by tax credits and an abundance of low-skilled workers.

Tomlin is soft-spoken and tries to use the human touch. He's supposed to limit
customer calls to five minutes but often goes longer.

"You got a 65-year-old woman whose husband is just out of the hospital with a
stroke," he says. "The only thing he's got is a TV and hospice. She's having
trouble paying her bills. I say, 'I'm gonna give you a $15 credit and we are
going to get through this.' "

Another company violation. Tomlin loves this job and wants to keep it, so he
reminds himself to stick to the rules.

At 4:30 p.m., he takes off his headset and walks out to the parking lot. When
Tomlin was a kid, the air glittered with black from the blast furnaces at the
steel mills. Now the skies are spooky clean, and all that moves in the wind is
the call center's recruiting banner that says, "We Don't Hire Robots."

'There's nothing for them'

 Two miles from the call center that doesn't hire robots, Sgt. Carmen Sagnimeni
is sitting in a county office building wondering if anyone is hiring soldiers.

A poster in the Trumbull County Veterans Service Commission announces that
November is "Hire a Vet Month," but prospects are bleak for those returning from
Iraq or Afghanistan. In wars being disproportionately fought by the working
class, the reward for coming home to this part of Ohio is "The Deer Hunter" with
an Olive Garden.

Sagnimeni is just back from his second tour in Iraq with the Pennsylvania
National Guard. He is 30, with a weary smile and a jiggling leg. He already has
orders to go to Afghanistan in 2012. Until then, he has a mortgage and three
kids to feed. His only lead so far is a $9-an-hour security guard job he found
while surfing Monster.com in Iraq.

He goes in to see Herman Breuer, a veterans affairs officer and fellow Iraq vet
whose spotless desk is appointed with a mini-tombstone paperweight chiseled with
the words "headstone marker and burial benefits desk." Sagnimeni listens as
Breuer patiently explains his options, urging him to consider using the
Post-9/11 GI Bill to go to college until the economy gets better. As far as
decent jobs, Breuer is unusually blunt. "My best advice is to look into moving,"
he tells the young sergeant.

Things were different for the last generation that came home from war to this
valley. In 1969, a soldier back from Vietnam was greeted by a landscape roaring
with manufacturing jobs that provided blue-collar ascendancy to the middle
class.

The proof is right down the street at VFW Post 1090, where two dozen Vietnam
veterans are eating the $4.95 lunch special of cabbage rolls. One by one, the
men name the companies where they spent their lives: GM, Delphi, General
Electric, Halsey Taylor, Rockwell International.

John Stefan recently retired after 32 years at GE, earning $35 an hour at the
end.

"I see the young ones, there's nothing for them," says Stefan, who draws a
monthly pension. "Why go to a vet center for a job you know doesn't exist? They
are all probably just hiding in their basements."

One of the vets here recently brought in a young female Iraq vet who'd been
living under a bridge in Warren. Cmdr. Jack Hilles fed her hot meals for two
weeks, and another vet helped her find work at an injection molding plant.

"We even found her some clothes," says Hilles, anger in his voice. "She didn't
have any goddamn civilian clothes."

They are everywhere in this Ohio -- under bridges, in basements, at the vast
Eastwood Mall complex that sprawls between Warren and Youngstown with a dented
vitality.

There is a gym attached to the mall, and one night a 25-year-old Marine named
Rob Townsend comes out and tosses his gear in his car. He pops his trunk and,
measuring powder and water, mixes a high-protein shake called Monster Milk.
Eleven months back from Afghanistan, and Townsend can feel himself diminishing
in size and strength. In the glow of the Save-A-Lot sign, he drinks the muscle
juice.

Townsend was a cook with the Third Marine Division at a forward operating base
in Helmand province, working in 150-degree heat surrounded by blast walls to
protect him from mortars. After getting out last year, he moved back into his
parents' house in Hubbard. He drank too much. At a party, the cops showed up
with sirens, and he found himself in a low crouch, crawling through the
neighborhood. He went to the VA clinic in Liberty to talk to someone.

"I wasn't the way I was," Townsend says.

Neither was Ohio. His two younger brothers had work -- one painting cars and the
other at a grinding mill -- but Townsend's old construction job vanished. He
decided to enroll at Youngstown State on the GI Bill, where he's taking 15 hours
this semester next to kids in red "Go, Penguins!" hoodies. The classes are hard,
but he is trying.

Outside the mall, Townsend shuts his trunk. With his desert camouflage Marine
cap in the rear windshield, he rolls out, no longer in an armored vehicle but a
dented Chevy Cavalier, moving past the retail outcroppings of the Hobby Lobby
and Burlington Coat Factory.

'We've been thrown away'

The last of the leaves have fallen on Trumbull Avenue, a street of square lawns
and American cars where neighbors are dutifully raking. If steel is dead and
manufacturing is going overseas and new-wave economists say brain hubs such as
Portland and Raleigh are the future, what becomes of Trumbull Avenue?

Before there was a so-called creative class, there were people who made light
bulbs, water fountains, aluminum siding and electrical harnesses for cars. This
is what held Trumbull Avenue together.

Tom Szykulski finishes raking and comes inside. Dinner is in the crockpot and
the furniture smells faintly of lemony wax. Debbie Szykulski must clean as
maniacally as her husband rakes. But the order is deceptive. The Szykulskis have
lost their jobs and are down to Tom's unemployment benefits check. He is 53 and
she is 55. They have just joined the ranks of Americans without health
insurance.

"I feel like we've been thrown away," Debbie says, sitting at the kitchen table.
Tom is quiet. He adjusts his cap. The company where he worked for 24 years,
Indalex Aluminum Solutions, shut down last year, and he lost his $40,000-a-year
union job. He was lucky to pick up work as a laborer at Wheatland Tube Co. for
$12 an hour, but when business slowed, he was laid off from there, too.

"He's a hard worker," Debbie says, looking at her husband. "He worked 12-hour
days. In 11 months, he never missed a day of work."

Tom corrects her. "Now, I did leave early that one day."

"That's all we know," she says. "He's not a school person. He's not a book
person."

Debbie became unemployed when the roofing company she worked for went out of
business. She has gone all over Warren filling out job applications. "I've tried
the drugstore, the mall, the pet store," she says. "I applied for a nursing home
job, in the kitchen. They paid $7.95 an hour."

Nothing.

"I have a shining work record," she says. "I'm not computer-savvy. I'm smart. I
can learn quick."

Tom stands up. He is a big man. He wears a Cleveland Cavs T-shirt. His son will
soon ship out to Afghanistan. He pushes the kitchen chair in. He doesn't know
what to do with himself. He drives downtown to pay the water bill. Debbie
watches him go. The small house is a still life of what a union job and hard
work once afforded. No second mortgage here or big vacations on the credit card.
Their weekly splurge was driving 10 miles outside Warren on Friday nights to
their favorite diner.

"I get angry," Debbie says. "Not out of jealousy, but that I can't find a job. I
don't want a big fancy house. I want to be able to go out to dinner on a Friday
night. I'd like to be able to send my grandson a little something in the mail. I
would be happy with a minimum-wage-paying job, 40 hours a week, come home, spend
time with my husband. And know that the next day, I can go into my job."

She pauses. "I just want the simple pleasures."

Both her grandfathers worked at Republic Steel, and her father retired from
Packard Electric. Her house has been in the family since 1936, when Trumbull
Avenue was more pasture than street. Her parents still live a block away. If
outsiders wonder why she has stayed in a Rust Belt city on the endangered list,
the answers are all around her.

But she doesn't know how they will survive if Tom doesn't find work soon.

She has already done the unthinkable.

One afternoon, Debbie -- nice, responsible Debbie, Book-of-the-Month Club member
and fan of "Masterpiece Classics" -- gathered up her gold jewelry and put it in
the red vinyl lunch bag she used to carry to work when she had a job. She drove
to Uptown Gems & Jewels and unloaded everything she had for $876. The money is
long gone.

Staff researcher Julie Tate in Washington contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Michael Williamson/the Washington Post; A window in a
worker-housing unit offers a view of the only operational blast furnace near
Warren, Ohio, once a center of steel production. The mill is now idle, and the
housing is abandoned.
IMAGE; William Santiago lives in a housing unit that was built for employees of
Youngstown Sheet and Tube in Campbell, Ohio. Since the plant closed, he has
taken mainly low-paying odd jobs, which are hard to come by because so many
others are also looking for work.
IMAGE; "There's a lot of pride in Warren," says Dallas Root of Uptown Gems &
Jewels, where people sell gold chains and rings for cash.
IMAGE; In Warren, Delphi Packard Electric is a shell of its former self. The
auto-parts maker has cut 260 more employees.
IMAGE; An auto company that occupied a closed factory in Youngstown ended up
moving to Mexico, leaving the place abandoned once again.
IMAGE; A large Holiday Inn sign sits in the parking lot of the recently closed
hotel in Girard, Ohio.
IMAGE; In an area that already has little to celebrate, fans watch the Hubbard
High School football team lose a playoff game, 55-0.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             360 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 9, 2009 Wednesday
                                Regional Edition

ESCAPES

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 296 words


Getting there

The Brandywine Valley, in and around Wilmington, Del., and Chadds Ford, Pa., is
about 110 miles north of Washington off Interstate 95.

Staying there

Hotel du Pont

11th and Market streets, Wilmington; 302-594-3100

http://www.hoteldupont.com

Luxury hotel downtown. Rooms from $99.

Inn at Montchanin Village

Route 100 and Kirk Road, Montchanin, Del.; 302-888-2133

http://www.montchanin.com

Includes accommodations in the cottages of 11 former workers from the du Pont
powder mills. Rooms start at $192.

Eating there

Domaine Hudson Wine Bar & Eatery

1314 N. Washington St., Wilmington; 302-655-9463

http://www.domainehudson.com

Upscale dinner-only bistro. Small and large plates $9 to $27.

Simon Pearce

1333 Lenape Rd., West Chester, Pa.; 610-793-0949

http://www.simonpearce.com

Restaurant and glass-blowing studio overlooking the Brandywine River. Entrees
$11 to $31.

Playing there

Brandywine River Museum

U.S. Route 1, Chadds Ford, Pa.; 610-388-2700

http://www.brandywinemuseum.org

Holiday displays through Jan. 10. $10, students, seniors and ages 6-12 $6.

Hagley Museum and Library

200 Hagley Rd., Wilmington; 302-658-2400

http://www.hagley.org

Holiday tours through Jan. 3. $11, students and seniors $9, ages 6-14 $4.

Longwood Gardens

1001 Longwood Rd., Kennett Square, Pa.; 610-388-1000

http://www.longwoodgardens.org

Holiday display through Jan. 10. $16,  seniors $14, ages 5-18 $6.

Nemours Mansion and Gardens

Route 141 (Powder Mill Drive) and Alapocas Drive, Wilmington; 302-651-6912

http://www.nemoursmansion.org

Holiday tours through Dec. 30. $15.

Winterthur Museum and Country Estate

Route 52, Winterthur, Del.; 302-888-4600

http://www.winterthur.org

Holiday display through Jan. 3. $22, students and seniors $20, ages 2-11 $12.

For more information

http://www.brandywinetreasures.org

-- R.D.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             361 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 3, 2009 Thursday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Md. man convicted for ramming cruiser

BYLINE: Ruben Castaneda

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 284 words


A man accused of trying to kill a Prince George's County police officer last
fall by repeatedly ramming her cruiser with his Ford Explorer was convicted
Wednesday of second-degree assault.

A Circuit Court jury in Upper Marlboro acquitted Leroy Turrentine, 38, of
Adelphi of attempted first- and second-degree murder, first-degree assault and
reckless endangerment.

Tanya Brooks, the officer whose cruiser Turrentine hit, fired 12 rounds into
Turrentine's sport-utility vehicle after it hit her cruiser, according to trial
testimony. None of the rounds hit Turrentine, although his windshield was
shattered.

The incident occurred about 4:45 p.m. Oct. 15, 2008, on a residential street in
Oxon Hill, according to court papers. Police charging documents  say Turrentine
smashed into Brooks's cruiser, which was parked on the street, at high speed,
forcing the back of the cruiser into a concrete barrier and lifting the
cruiser's rear four feet off the ground. "The defendant continued to ram Cpl.
Brooks marked police cruiser," the charging documents  say.

Much of the incident was captured by a camera mounted in Brooks's cruiser. The
video was played for the jury.

Footage from the camera showed the Ford Explorer crossing the yellow line and
heading toward the cruiser. The SUV appears to speed up in the moment before
impact.

After the impact, the Explorer remains in place, and eventually  backs slowly
away from the cruiser. Moments later, a puff of smoke is seen wafting in front
of the SUV's windshield.

Assistant Public Defender Robert McGowan, Turrentine's defense attorney, said
the smoke appeared to be from the shots Brooks fired.

Circuit Court Judge Maureen M. Lamasney scheduled sentencing for Jan. 8.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             362 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 26, 2009 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

From humble beginnings, a modest philanthropist;
Choice Hotels, ManorCare founder honored for giving

BYLINE: Jason Tomassini; The Gazette

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. GZ23

LENGTH: 690 words


Stewart Bainum's empire began 73 years ago with $3 and a cardboard suitcase.

Bainum, 17 at the time, had been kicked out of his private high school outside
Cincinnati because he couldn't afford the tuition.

So he took whatever money and belongings he had, hitchhiked to the Washington
area after a recommendation from a friend, found a job as a plumber's assistant
and made enough money to go back and get his high school diploma from the school
that had tossed him.

"One day I was holding the suitcase too close to the road, and a car hit it,"
said Bainum, the founder of Choice Hotels International and ManorCare nursing
homes. "I had to piece it all back together."

Things never came easily for him, Bainum, 90, said. But he has dedicated much of
his life to making things simpler for others.

After making his fortune from Choice Hotels and ManorCare, Bainum began funding
the Commonweal Foundation, a nonprofit organization that gives about $12 million
per year of Bainum family money to scholarships and educational programs for
disadvantaged students.

Last week, the Montgomery County Community Foundation recognized Bainum as the
county's philanthropist of the year, honoring the man not for his considerable
wealth but for the way he used it.

"I don't want to make big things out of my family's worth," Bainum said from his
Chevy Chase office Nov. 16, a day before he received the award at a ceremony in
Bethesda. "You shouldn't be giving money away just because of your ego."

That humility made it difficult to persuade Bainum, who is known for shying from
the spotlight and public appearances, to accept the award.

"Even though he didn't want it and wouldn't like it, we were going to do it
anyway," Barbara Bainum, Stewart's daughter and successor as Commonweal chief
executive, said of nominating her father for the award.

When he won the award, "I had to call him and break the news," she said with a
straight face. "That was difficult."

Stewart Bainum's father worked as a machinist for Ford Motor Co. in Detroit for
20 years before getting laid off during the Great Depression. He moved the
family to Cincinnati and worked for the government for $1 a day. His father woke
at 3 a.m. daily to purchase produce from farmers and then sell it in the streets
of Cincinnati.

Consistent with his humble background, Stewart Bainum worked as a plumber for 20
years after graduating from high school. He returned to the Washington area and
attended what is now Columbia Union College in Takoma Park for a year.

Eventually, his plumbing business had 150 employees. He started a general
contracting business and then a real estate investment fund. Then he started
building apartment buildings and then hotels and nursing homes.

In 1957, he opened his first hotel, now the Comfort Inn on Georgia Avenue in
Silver Spring. He opened his first nursing home, ManorCare Health Services, in
1959 in Wheaton. Commonweal was founded in 1968.

Since then, Commonweal has established a scholarship program and after-school
program at 40 county schools and has helped fund hundreds of charitable
organizations, including the Montgomery Housing Partnership and IMPACT Silver
Spring.

Bainum built offices for Commonweal and Choice Hotels on Columbia Pike in Silver
Spring, a few blocks from the home where he and his wife, Jane, have lived for
nearly 50 of their 68 years of marriage. The couple has four children, 10
grandchildren and two great-grandchildren.

"While his giving is broader than the county, he's made a huge commitment over a
long time to giving here," said Sally Rudney, executive director of the
Community Foundation, which gave out $5.4 million in grants to Montgomery
nonprofit organizations last year.

As the county has become more urban, greater economic disparity has emerged and
greater need for charity and educational programs has followed, Stewart and
Barbara Bainum said. In recent years, the family's charitable efforts have
spread further across the county, even if its name hasn't.

"I don't want to promote the family name; that's not the objective," Bainum
said. "The objective is to help people and pay back the things we have benefited
from."

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Montgomery South

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Raphael Talisman/the Gazette; Stewart Bainum's Commonweal
Foundation gives millions to help disadvantaged students.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             363 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     November 20, 2009 Friday 11:00 AM EST

Real Wheels

BYLINE: Warren Brown, Washington Post columnist, washingtonpost.com

SECTION: LIVEONLINE

LENGTH: 2094 words



HIGHLIGHT: Washington Post cars columnist Warren Brown was online Friday,
November 20, at 11 a.m. ET to discuss the auto industry. He also gave purchase
advice to readers. Brown has covered the cars industry for The Washington Post
since 1982.


Washington Post cars columnist Warren Brown was online Friday, November 20, at
11 a.m. ET to discuss the auto industry. He also gave purchase advice to
readers. Brown has covered the cars industry for The Washington Post since 1982.

____________________

Warren Brown: Greetings from Moscow, Russia, where the weather is cold and
getting colder and where we've spent the last two days discussing the ugly side
of the automobile -- critically injurious and fatal road crashes. I am here at
the First Global Ministerial Conference on Road Safety with the Michelin Group
and the Russian Federation government reviewing real-life crashes and the tragic
results. The numbers are frightening -- 1.3-million global fatalities annually,
at least 30 times as many critical injuries with 90 percent of the fatalities
occuring in poor and developed countries. We need to stop drinking and driving.
We need better roads. And it would be nice if every country had emergency
medical rooms and procedures that worked. Anyway, that's what I've been doing.

_______________________

Fairfax: I'm a confirmed station wagon person. I just did a "Build Your Own"
exercise for the Cadillac CTS Wagon. Cadillac does not offer roof rails or a
roof rack as an option. I had high hopes for the CTS wagon, but a wagon without
a roof rack is for poseurs. Yes, Cadillac, I know that the new generation SRX
comes with roof rails. However, the SRX is an SUV, not a wagon. And it doesn't
come with the standard step stools that are needed to load large objects atop
those roof rails.

Warren Brown: Posted for posterity. Thanks, Fairfax. I didn't know the new
Cadillac wagon lacked roof rails. Here's betting that that situation, if
accurately described, won't last forever.

_______________________

Arlington, Va.: I read some of your older comments on the Ford Escape Hybrid,
but could not find anything recent. Any thoughts? We currently have a minivan,
but do not need that much space anymore, but I like sitting up higher than a
sedan. And my spouse wants a hybrid.

Warren Brown: Hello, Arlington:

The Ford Escape Hybrid remains a good pick. But if you no longer need SUV-type
space, take a look at the Ford Fusion Hybrid, which offers adequate utility,
great overall quality, and good fuel economy in a midsize family sedan. Compare
with midsize sedan hybrids such as the Toyota Camry, Chevrolet Malibu.

_______________________

Queens, NY: Hi, Warren. The couple with the just-bought Mazda 6s here from last
week. You wanted to know why we didn't choose the Jetta. In the end, it came
down to what we've heard and read about reliability and maintenance costs. Plus
we found a great deal on the 6.

Warren Brown: Thank you, Queens. Congrats on the Mazda 6 deal. But FYI, there's
no longer need to worry about the quality and reliability of most things
Volkswagen. VW has stepped up its quality game in product and service.

_______________________

Anonymous: Hey, Mr.Brown. I couldn't be more jealous of your job. I saw the
Mercedes hybrid last week. I mean, what is the point? If you can afford to pay
$100k on a car, what's the difference, and the mileage isn't any better on that
model? Have you or do you plan on getting to drive and review the tessler
electric car?

Warren Brown: I've driven the Tesla electric car. Marvelous torque. Great speed.
Fairly limited range per charge compared with per tank gasoline and diesel. No
tailpipe pollution. But energy is neither fuel-free nor pollution-free. The
simple current reality is that most energy to power anything electric comes from
coal-fired and oil-fired plants, unless you're in France, which seems to have
refined the art of nuclear-generated power (which, if you've been following the
debate on Iran's nuclear ambitions, has other problems).

There's no free lunch in this energy-fuel-transportation pollution business.
Something always gives somewhere.

But why try to do better?

Spend a day in Moscow in nearly-constant back-to-back traffic.

Spend another in Shanghai in similar traffic.

And my Indian friends here tell me that Delhi is even worse.

Why try?

If we don't try to clean-up mobile source pollution and improve road safety,
we're going to continue killing ourselves unnecessarily. That's the inconvenient
truth.

_______________________

Chinatown: Hi, Warren. I just wanted to let Fairfax know that the CTS wagon does
come with roof racks. They are small silver strips and are not as noticeable.
Here is a description of the roof loading/roof rack system: The "roof load
management system" is designed to blend with the roofline and the center section
of the roof panels actually angles down to hide the cross bars.

Warren Brown: Many thanks, Chinatown. I figured that was the case. Thank you.

_______________________

McLean, Va.: I've been to Russia many times, and I love the assortment of
vehicles from around the world you can see on the road there. In addition to
Russian-built models, you see cars from every country and every market there,
including right-hand drive Japanese cars and the new Chinese marks. Which, if
any, have caught your attention?

Warren Brown: Hello, McLean.

What's caught my attention in Moscow:

. There seem to be more Ford Focus models here than in Washington, D.C. I'm told
by commerce officials in the Russian Federation that the Focus is one of the
best-selling, if not actually the best-selling single model in Russia.

. Every big SUV currently sold in the United states is sold here, especially, it
seems, the Porsche Cayenne, Volkswagen Touareg, Cadillac Escalade and
Mercedes-Benz M-Class.

. There is a seemingly more dangerous mix of vehicles sharing the road than what
exists in the United States -- old, rickety Lada cars with faster, higher
performance cars. Old commercial and construction trucks running on bias-ply
radials on wide boulevards...and on jam-packed, less-improved roads.

. Where are the parking facilities? Here's a hint. Moscow had barely 2,000
(two-thousand) cars on its streets 20 years ago. But this ain't your daddy's
cold-war Moscow. Today, the city has FOUR MILLION cars on its roads. But the
locals forgot to add parking facilities.

_______________________

Washington, D.C.: Dear Warren,

We just found out that we are expecting twins!! So we need to rethink our car
situation. My wife loves her 2003 CR-V, and will not even entertain the idea of
a minivan. I drive a Toyota Highlander. Can you recommend a car that will suit
our needs (that is, three car seats)? We also have a 2-year-old son. My wife
will do the majority of the driving with the kids. If anyone can convince her
that we need a minivan, it will be you. Thanks!

Warren Brown: My quick response is the Mazda CX7. It can handle the child-safety
seats. It has overall excellent utility and safety. Yet, it fits nicely in the
city in terms of parking space and fuel economy. You might also want to hunt
down a Kia dealer and ask for a peek at the 2011 -- underline 2011 Kia Sorento.
Kia markets the thing as a SUV. But that's a ruse. It's actually one of the best
crossover utility models -- aka wagon/minivan -- on the market (actually on sale
in early 2010). And congrats on the expected new arrivals to your family!

_______________________

Clarksville, Md.: I have a question in regards to the most recent Toyota recall
due to floor mats and accelerators jamming. I have a 2009 Tacoma that I use off
road and on road. Because Toyota does not offer rubber floor mats for the 2009
Tacoma, I purchased non-Toyota rubber mats. I recently took my truck in for
service and was told by the technicians that I was violating the recall and must
remove those mats. What kind of truck company sells a truck without an option
for using rubber floor mats of any kind? Do you have any suggestions for this?

Warren Brown: Hello, Clarksville:

Toyota is taking a deeper look at the suspected mat/accelerator problem to
determine if there actually is more to the story, something beyond mats getting
in the way of accelerators. I've seen no official notices from Toyota saying
that aftermarket mats violate warranties. Godness knows, in Moscow's foul winter
climate, most people use mats of some kind in their Toyota trucks. But check
with customer service at Toyota for best guidance on this issue. Also, contact
the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, our government's traffic
safety watchdog, at www.nhtsa.dot.gov. Also contact the Insurance Institute For
Highway Safety at, I think, www.IIHS.org.

_______________________

VW - follow up question: You mentioned that VW stepped up it's reliability, etc.
Which model/year is this noticeable? I am considering a pre-owned convertible
and the Beetle is in the price range as are the Mustangs. Not sure of the
Mustang's rear seat being roomy enough for kids though. I am looking at
2005-2008's.

Warren Brown: You certainly are safe with anything VW in the last seven years.

_______________________

Clifton, Va.: The US is not Europe. Talk to someone from Texas and Montana about
how far they have to drive to get to a grocery store: the tractor store or a
mall? The problem with electrics is range and recharging. It's not like now you
run out of gas and dump in a gallon or two to get to the gas station. Recharging
takes a while and adding a 220 volt line in your house for recharging will cost
about $1k or more. 220 volt line installation is for pros. It kills.

If I want to drive 600 miles to Lexington, KY for a herding trial I can. The
best range I have seen for an electric on the drawing board is 300 miles with a
several hour recharge time. Not a gas up and get lunch type of deal. And what
about real range in DC area traffic in the summer with the AC going? Mercedes is
developing a gas/diesel hybrid. Thirty-six miles per gallon highway for a S
class prototype!

Warren Brown: Dear Clifton:

Travel more. And I'm not trying to be cheeky. The U.S. is not Europe
politically, culturally, et cetera. But we have many of the same problems --
massive traffic congestion in our major cities, resultant air pollution and fuel
waste, lost productivity (unless you consider sitting in a traffic jam a
productive use of time), traffic injuries and deaths, et cetera.

No one is suggesting that electric cars, or gas-electric hybrids will replace
all things gasoline. But the reality, like it or not, is that we are entering an
era of multi-model personal and commercial transportation. That means using a
mix of technologies, perhaps using different technologies where best applicable.
It no longer makes since, Clifton, to pretend that we can hold onto our
glorious, hell-bent for-leather, gasoline uber alles past.

_______________________

Annapolis: Warren, tried to ask this last week, but I posted it too late. I have
to rent something in Reno in December, to drive to Tahoe. There will be five to
six of us, with luggage (at least two mid-size suitcases, plus three smaller
ones. Can you offer any suggestions on what kind of car/van/SUV we'd all fit in?
(I'd rather not rent two vehicles, because of the age/physical condition of some
of the group members.) Thanks.

Warren Brown: Honestly, Annapolis, hunt down a Chevrolet Traverse, Buick
Enclave, Ford Flex. They seat seven to eight full-size adults comfortably.
There's lots of space for stuff. And they get about 20 mpg on the highway.

_______________________

Southern Maryland: Whats the 411 on the Nissan Leaf? When will you do a review
on it and when can I get to test drive it? During the tour to DC at the end of
January, possibly?

Warren Brown: I'm told I might get one before the January tour. We'll see. But
the early word is that, although highway capable, the Leaf remains a mostly
urban bound, limited range electric car. If true, I'm not sure that's such a bad
thing.

_______________________

Bethesda, Md.: Is the Audi Q5 worth its price tag? We are also considering the
VW CC and the Buick LaCrosse. Any recommendations? This car will be replacing an
Acura TL-S, so we want something that is similar in ride and comfort. Thanks for
any advice!

Warren Brown: Go with the Volkkswagen CC for best similarity.

_______________________

Warren Brown: Thank you all for joining us today. Please come back next week.
Thank you, Delece, for another fine production.

Thanks for all of your extra help today, Ria. Eat lunch. It's dinner time here
in Moscow.

_______________________

Editor's Note: washingtonpost.com moderators retain editorial control over
Discussions and choose the most relevant questions for guests and hosts; guests
and hosts can decline to answer questions. washingtonpost.com is not responsible
for any content posted by third parties.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2009 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             364 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 8, 2009 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

Wheels of fortune?;
The sober reality behind Detroit's recent good news

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A26

LENGTH: 402 words


AT LAST, THERE'S some cheerful news out of Detroit. General Motors, feeling
confident after an improvement in sales during October, announced that it had
enough financial strength to hang on to Opel, its European subsidiary, rather
than sell it to a Russian-Canadian consortium. Chrysler rolled out a new
turnaround plan. And, most promising of all, Ford -- the only American carmaker
to avoid a federally funded bankruptcy reorganization -- announced a
billion-dollar third-quarter profit, boosted by a substantial increase in its
market share.

Now for the reality check. Annual sales of new cars in the United States are
running at about 10 million, and while this should grow modestly in the next
couple of years, the market is unlikely to return to the 1999-2007 average rate
of 17 million per year. All automakers will be under tremendous pressure to
preserve market share by producing popular, high-quality products. Yet the
ability of the two taxpayer-backed members of the Big Three to do that is still
questionable.

Chrysler, of which the U.S. government owns 10 percent,  has lost 2  percentage
points  of its share of the U.S. market in the past year, and most of its new
Fiat-supplied product line is a year or more away. GM owes its recent uptick to
the government, not to any dramatic change in its product line. After the "cash
for clunkers" program and continuing federal subsidies to its financing arm,
GMAC, GM still found that about half the units it sold in October were heavily
discounted 2009 models.

Though Ford didn't get a bailout, its problems are not over. The United Auto
Workers rejected a contract that would have matched the wage and work rule
concessions the UAW gave GM and Chrysler. You can't blame union leaders; UAW
President Ron Gettelfinger  had urged ratification. But the rank and file at
Ford voted no. Apparently, three months of profitability were enough to persuade
the workers that their jobs are safe even if they don't lend Ford a hand --
despite the fact that the company still carries about $27 billion in debt. No
good deed goes unpunished: Ford's reward for staying out of bankruptcy court,
and off the federal dole, could be the least competitive labor costs in the
United States. Someone needs to remind Ford's workers that the hottest-selling
Big Three passenger car right now is the Ford Fusion. It's made in Hermosillo,
Mexico -- where no one belongs to the UAW.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             365 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 5, 2009 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

Crime Report

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. VA32

LENGTH: 3241 words

Fairfax County

The following incidents were reported by the Fairfax County Police Department.
For more information, call 703-246-2253.

Fair Oaks District

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

ALLIANCE DR., 4900 block. Copper pipes were stolen from a construction site.

BRIDGE HILL LANE, 2500 block. A ring was stolen from a residence.

HUNT CLUB CIR., 4200 block. An air bag and a Global Positioning System device
were stolen from a vehicle.

OX MEADOW RD., 12700 block. Halloween decorations were stolen from a residence.

VILLAGE DR., 4800 block. A wallet was stolen from a vehicle.

Franconia District

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

AMHERST AVE., 5900 block. Tires were stolen from a residence.

AUBURN ST., 7300 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

BACKLICK RD., 6500 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

BERYL RD., 6300 block. A Global Positioning System device was stolen from a
vehicle.

CAMPBELL DR., 3200 block. A vacuum cleaner was stolen from a vehicle.

COMMERCE ST., 7200 block. Keys were stolen from a business.

EDSALL RD., 6500 block. Beer and pizza were stolen from a business.

FRANCONIA RD., 6100 block. Cash was stolen from a vehicle.

HIDDENITE CT., 6600 block. Jewelry and a check were stolen from a residence.

HIGHDALE CIR., 5900 block. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

LITTLE RIVER TPK., 6700 block. An air bag was stolen from a vehicle.

LOIS DR., 6900 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

RAVENSWORTH RD., 4300 block. A cellphone was stolen from a residence.

RICHMOND HWY., 9500 block. A bicycle was stolen from a business.

RICHMOND HWY., 9900 block. Copper was stolen from a business.

SPRINGFIELD MALL, 6600 block. A bicycle was stolen from a business.

TELEGRAPH RD., 6700 block. Tools and a piece of wood were stolen from a trailer.


MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

ASBURY CT., 5600 block. A 2005 Acura was stolen.

CONWELL DR., 4500 block. A 2004 Ford cargo van was stolen.

EDSALL RD. AND WINTER VIEW DR. A Dodge Caravan was stolen.

FRANCONIA RD., 3800 block. A Honda Accord was stolen.

LOCUST LANE, 3900 block. A 1996 Honda was stolen.

MARSHAM CT., 6000 block. A Ford Ranger was stolen.

PERRY PENNEY DR., 6700 block. A 1996 Honda was stolen.

RAVENSWORTH RD. AND COVENT WOOD CT. A 2004 Ford Focus was stolen.

Mason District

ASSAULTS

ROBEY AVE., 8200 block, 10:23 p.m. Oct. 24. A man became upset and started to
fight with a group of people at a residence. He broke a window, walked into a
bedroom, pulled out a gun and fired a round. No injuries were reported. A
24-year-old Annandale man was charged with discharging a firearm in an occupied
dwelling.

SEMINARY RD., 5500 block, 7:30 p.m. Oct. 22. A man allegedly struck a
27-year-old woman in the face and kicked her several times during an argument in
an apartment. The woman fled and called police. Police arrived and found that
the man had fled, allegedly leaving his 16-month-old son alone in the apartment.
When the man returned several hours later, he was arrested. A 23-year-old Falls
Church man was charged with malicious wounding and child neglect.

WOODBURN RD., 3300 block, 9:17 p.m. Oct. 24. A man, waiting for a man to return
home, confronted him in front of his house and allegedly stabbed him several
times in the upper body, then fled. The injured man was treated at Inova Fairfax
Hospital. An 18-year-old Falls Church man was charged with malicious wounding.

ROBBERIES

VISTA DR., 6000 block, 1 a.m. Oct. 25. As a 39-year-old man rode his bicycle
past two men, one demanded his bike and pulled him off it. The other man grabbed
him and held him while the first man walked away with the bicycle. The
39-year-old man broke free, and after a brief struggle, got control of his
bicycle. The robbers fled on foot. No injuries were reported.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

ARLINGTON BLVD., 6100 block. Beer was stolen from a business.

BLACK HICKORY DR., 3100 block. A stereo and a Global Positioning System device
were stolen from a vehicle.

CARLIN SPRINGS RD., 3400 block. A purse was stolen from a vehicle.

CROSSROADS CENTER, 5800 block. A credit card was stolen from a business.

LEESBURG PIKE, 5500 block. A bag was stolen from a vehicle.

LITTLE RIVER TPK., 6500 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

PARKWOOD CT., 7400 block. Rims were stolen from a vehicle.

PARKWOOD CT., 7400 block. A bumper was stolen from a vehicle.

PICKETT PL., 1000 block. A TV was stolen from a residence.

SOUTH JEFFERSON ST., 3500 block. Liquor was stolen from a business.

WILLSTON PL., 2900 block. A stereo was stolen from a vehicle.

WOODBURN RD., 3300 block. Coin machines were stolen from a laundry room.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

HOLLY HILL DR., 3200 block. A 1992 Honda Civic was stolen.

LAURISTON PL., 3300 block. A 2005 Honda Civic was stolen.

MANITOBA DR., 4800 block. A Dodge Ram was stolen.

McLean District

ROBBERIES

CHAIN BRIDGE RD., 1900 block, 5:15 p.m. Oct. 24. Two men in a computer store
concealed electronic items inside their clothing. Police stopped one man after
he left the store. The other man was arrested inside the store. A 42-year-old
Maryland man was charged with grand larceny, larceny with intent to sell and
possession of cocaine. A 53-year-old District man was charged with felony
concealment of merchandise.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

BALLS HILL RD., 1400 block. A bag was stolen from a vehicle.

CHAIN BRIDGE RD., 1900 block. Gas was stolen from a business.

GALLOWS RD., 2700 block. A briefcase was stolen from a vehicle.

GALLOWS RD., 2900 block. A purse was stolen from a business.

GRADY RANDALL CT., 1400 block. A diamond ring was stolen from a residence.

GREENWAY BLVD., 2700 block. A computer was stolen from a residence.

HAYCOCK RD., 7000 block. An air bag and a Global Positioning System device were
stolen from a vehicle.

HAYCOCK RD., 7000 block. An air bag was stolen from a vehicle.

LEE HWY., 8100 block. A purse was stolen from a business.

LEESBURG PIKE, 8000 block. A leather jacket was stolen from a business.

LEESBURG PIKE, 8300 block. Jeans were stolen from a business.

MCLEAN PARK MANOR CT., 6900 block. An iPod was stolen from a business.

ORLAND ST., 6600 block. A wallet was stolen from a business.

SHREVE RD., 7900 block. Equipment was stolen from a residence.

TYSONS BLVD., 1700 block. A ring was stolen from a business.

TYSONS CORNER CENTER, 8000 block. Merchandise was stolen from a business.

TYSONS CORNER CENTER, 8100 block. A jacket was stolen from a business.

VISTAS LANE, 7200 block. Picture prints were stolen from a business.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

HAYCOCK RD., 7000 block. A 2004 Ford Focus was stolen.

Mount Vernon District

SEXUAL ASSAULTS

RICHMOND HWY., 7700 block, 9:30 a.m. Oct. 27. A 17-year-old Woodbridge boy was
arrested and charged with sexual assault and attempted robbery in connection
with two incidents.   During one incident, a male youth allegedly grabbed a
17-year-old girl and touched her inappropriately at 8:35 a.m. Oct. 13 in the
7700 block of Richmond Highway. At 1 p.m. Oct. 14, a male youth reportedly
grabbed a 27-year-old woman and searched through her belongings.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

ARLINGTON DR., 2600 block. A bicycle was stolen from a residence.

OLD MANSION RD., 9300 block. An air bag and electronic equipment were stolen
from a vehicle.

OLD RICHMOND HWY., 1800 block. Tires were stolen from several vehicles.

PANTANO PL., 8000 block. Cash was stolen from a residence.

PARKERS LANE, 2500 block. A bicycle was stolen from a residence.

PARKERS LANE, 2500 block. Political signs were stolen from a residence.

QUANDER RD., 6500 block. An iPod was stolen from a school.

RICHMOND HWY., 6200 block, 1:30 a.m. Oct. 24. A man used a forged $20 bill at a
billiard parlor. An investigation found that he allegedly possessed additional
counterfeit bills. A 23-year-old Annandale man was charged with forging a bank
note.

RICHMOND HWY., 7600 block. A vacuum cleaner was stolen from a vehicle.

RICHMOND HWY., 7700 block. Cellphones were stolen from a business.

SOUTH KINGS HWY., 7700 block. A wallet was stolen from a business.

VILLAGE GREEN DR. AND CARLOS CT. A license plate was stolen from a vehicle.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

BYERS DR., 8400 block. A 2000 Ford Focus was stolen.

HUNTINGTON AVE., 2000 block. A 2006 Nissan was stolen.

JANNA LEE AVE., 7900 block. A 2005 Hyundai Elantra was stolen.

WOODLAWN MANOR CT., 5500 block. A 2000 Honda Civic was stolen.

Reston District

DEATHS

WINTERTHUR LANE, 11900 block, 3:40 p.m. Oct. 24. Police, checking on the welfare
of a man found the man sitting inside an apartment. The body of a 42-year-old
woman was also found in the residence. She had died of a gunshot wound to the
upper body. The man was charged with possession of a firearm by a convicted
felon. The death was under investigation.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

ANGELINE DR., 2400 block. A laptop computer, a DVD player and a cassette player
was stolen from a residence.

BOWMAN TOWNE DR., 12000 block. A diamond ring was stolen from a residence.

CENTRE PARK CIR., 12900 block. A watch was stolen from a residence.

HUNTERS SQUARE CT., 2300 block. Gas was stolen from a service station.

PINECREST RIDGE AND GLADE DR. A radio was stolen from a vehicle.

POST RD., 2000 block. Earrings, a laptop computer and a camera were stolen from
a residence.

RIDGEHAMPTON CT., 2400 block. A Global Positioning System device was stolen from
a vehicle.

ROSEDOWN DR., 2300 block. A Global Positioning System device was stolen from a
vehicle.

SOUTH LAKES DR., 11100 block, 1:30 a.m. Oct. 27. A male stole several bottles of
liquor from a liquor store. He had entered the store by breaking a door.

STONEVIEW SQ., 11600 block. Bibles and a Global Positioning System device were
stolen from a vehicle.

SUNRISE VALLEY DR., 12500 block. An air bag was stolen from a vehicle.

SUNSET HILLS RD., 11000 block. A laptop computer was stolen from a vehicle.

WEEPING CHERRY WALK, 13000 block. A gun was stolen from a residence.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

FARMCREST DR., 2500 block. A 2005 Acura was stolen.

GUNSMITH SQ., 2200 block. A Honda Civic was stolen.

OLDFIELD DR., 10800 block. A 2005 Mercedes Benz E500 was stolen.

PARKRIDGE BLVD., 10800 block. A 2005 Honda Odyssey was stolen.

Sully District

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

BATTALION ST., 6200 block. An air bag and a Global Positioning System device
were stolen from a vehicle.

BRADDOCK RD., 13800 block. A cellphone was stolen from a business.

CHAPEL RD., 11200 block. Property was stolen from a construction site.

HALLISSEY CT., 6500 block. Coins were stolen from a residence.

STONE RD., 5600 block. Property was stolen from a business.

SUMMER TREE RD., 14300 block. A horn was stolen from a vehicle.

West Springfield District

ABDUCTIONS

FURNACE AND LORTON ROADS, 11 a.m. Oct. 26. A man grabbed a female pedestrian
from behind and forced her to the ground. He punched her several times in the
head, and she struggled and fended him off. The woman suffered injuries. An
investigation led to the arrest of a 40-year-old Springfield man, who was
charged with abduction and malicious wounding.

ROBBERIES

FULLERTON RD., 7100 block, 10:54 a.m. Oct. 26. A man entered a gas station and
picked up a bottle of water. At the cash register, he showed a knife and
demanded cash. An employee gave him cash, and the robber fled in a vehicle. No
injuries were reported.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

BOSTON BLVD., 7400 block. A laptop computer was stolen from a business.

BUBBLING BROOK CIR., 7900 block. Tools were stolen from a vehicle.

BURKE CENTRE PKWY., 5600 block. An iPod was stolen from a vehicle.

CUTTING HORSE CT., 9200 block. A wallet was stolen from a business.

FORT CRAIG DR., 9000 block. A wallet was stolen from a vehicle.

GLENISTER DR., 7700 block. Equipment was stolen from a vehicle.

HERITAGE DR., 7800 block. A cellphone and a battery charger were stolen from a
vehicle.

NATIVITY LANE, 6400 block. Cash was stolen from a church.

OLD KEENE MILL RD., 8100 block. A purse was stolen from a vehicle.

PRIVATE LANE, 8200 block. A diamond ring and a bracelet were stolen from a
residence.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

CREVENNA OAK DR., 11000 block. A 2003 Ford Expedition was stolen.

EDINBURGH DR., 8000 block. A 1994 Chevrolet Blazer was stolen.

HILLSIDE RD., 6200 block. A 2003 Toyota Tacoma was stolen.

TORY RD., 8200 block. A 1996 Honda Accord was stolen.

TRIBUTARY CT., 8000 block. A 2001 Nissan Xterra was stolen.

Fairfax City

The following incidents were reported by the Fairfax City Police Department. For
more information, call 703-385-7809.

ASSAULTS

BEACH DR., 9700 block, 7 p.m. Oct. 21. A male punched a person in the face
during an argument at a park. No serious injuries were reported.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

CHAIN BRIDGE RD., 4300 block, Oct. 22 to Oct. 24. A wallet containing credit
cards was stolen from a drawer in a bedside table at a care center.

FAIRFAX BLVD., 10700 block, 6 to 7 p.m. Oct. 23. A watch was stolen from a
female's wrist while she was shopping in a market.

FAIRFAX BLVD., 9700 block, 9:30 p.m. Oct. 24 to 1:45 a.m. Oct. 25. An iPod and a
Global Positioning System device were stolen from a vehicle entered by breaking
a window.

HILL ST., 3400 block, 10 p.m. Oct. 26 to 8:02 a.m. Oct. 27. A tote bag
containing a laptop computer and a house key was stolen from an unlocked
vehicle.

LITTLE BROOK LANE, 11100 block, 10:43 p.m. Oct. 24. A male heard a noise and
found that a male had entered his residence. The intruder fled out the front
door. Nothing was reported missing.

MAIN ST., 10800 block, 7 p.m. Oct. 22 to 9:13 a.m. Oct. 23. A door of a medical
office was forced open. Nothing was reported missing.

WEST DR., 10700 block, Oct. 10 to Oct. 24. Two mountain bikes were stolen from a
storage area in the basement of an apartment building.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

LEE HWY., 11100 block, 2 to 3:37 p.m. Oct. 15. An unlocked 2005 Ford F-150
pickup was stolen from a rear parking lot of a business after it was left with
the ignition key inside.

 Falls Church

The following incidents were reported by the Falls Church Police Department. For
more information, call 703-248-5056.

ROBBERIES

WILSON BLVD., 6700 block, 9:58 p.m. Oct. 20. A person was assaulted and robbed
of cash at a restaurant.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

BROAD ST. E., 600 block, 12:24 p.m. Oct. 24. A Global Positioning System device
was stolen from a vehicle.

BROAD ST. W., 700 block, 4:42 p.m. Oct. 22. A purse was stolen from a vehicle.

BROAD ST. W., 900 block, 11:18 a.m. Oct. 20. A wallet was stolen from a purse.

WASHINGTON ST. N., 400 block, 12:15 to 12:43 p.m. Oct. 22. A catalytic converter
was stolen by sawing it off a vehicle.

Herndon

The following incidents were reported by the Herndon Police Department. For more
information, call 703-435-6846.

ABDUCTIONS

STERLING RD., 1400 block. A male motorist argued with another motorist. A
40-year-old Ashburn man was charged with attempted malicious wounding,
abduction, felony destruction of property and reckless driving.

ASSAULTS

ALABAMA DR., 700 block, 11:45 p.m. Oct. 23. A man cut a person with a broken
bottle during an altercation. A warrant charging a 27-year-old Herndon man with
malicious wounding was issued.

ALABAMA DR., 1000 block, 11:23 p.m. Oct. 20. A male reported being assaulted by
five males.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

BENNETT ST., 700 block, 2:02 p.m. Oct. 23. A cellphone was stolen.

BRANCH DR., 800 block, 10:04 a.m. Oct. 25. A bicycle was stolen from a garage.

CORDELL WAY, 700 block, 4:25 p.m. Oct. 25. Two bicycles were stolen from a side
yard.

CRESTVIEW DR., 1100 block, 6:38 p.m. Oct. 21. Beer was stolen from a business.

DUBLIN PL., 1300 block, 2:01 a.m. Oct. 24. A Global Positioning System device
was stolen from a vehicle.

ELDEN ST., 100 block, 4 p.m. Oct. 20 to 8:30 a.m. Oct. 21. A digital camera was
stolen from an office.

ELDEN ST., 300 block, 10:50 a.m. Oct. 22. A 41-year-old Woodbridge woman was
arrested in connection with alleged identity theft and allegedly obtaining money
by false pretense.

ELDEN ST., 400 block, 7:01 p.m. Oct. 23. A purse was stolen from a shopping
cart.

ELDEN ST., 1000 block, noon Oct. 19. A person allegedly did not pay for work
done on a vehicle.

FLORIDA AVE., 500 block, 6 p.m. Oct. 22. Food was stolen from a delivery person.

FLORIDA AVE., 500 block, 6:32 p.m. Oct. 21. A delivered FedEx package was
stolen.

HERNDON PKWY., 600 block, 4 to 6:32 p.m. Oct. 20. Cash was stolen from a
business.

RENEAU WAY, 300 block, 2:16 p.m. Oct. 24. A bicycle and a computer monitor were
stolen from a garden shed.

SPRINGTIDE PL., 1200 block, 12:24 p.m. Oct. 24. A paycheck and an employee ID
card were stolen from a locked vehicle.

VANDALISM

BOWERS LANE, 500 block, 10:08 p.m. Oct. 22. Halloween decorations were damaged.

CRESTVIEW DR., 1000 block, 7:24 a.m. Oct. 23. Graffiti were found in the area.

 Vienna

The following incidents were reported by the Vienna Police Department. For
information, call 703-255-6396.

ATTEMPTED HOMICIDES

FARDALE ST. SE, 200 block, 2 a.m. Oct. 25. Police, responding to a medical
distress call, found a 68-year-old woman and a 37-year-old male relative inside
a residence. An investigation found that the woman had allegedly been choked.
She was treated at a hospital. The relative was charged with attempted murder.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

CEDAR LANE SE, 200 block, 1:38 a.m. Oct. 27. Police, responding to an alarm at a
pharmacy, found a door open but no one inside. An investigation revealed that
the door had been pried open and the pharmacy area had been entered. It was not
known whether anything was taken.

CEDAR LANE SW, 100 block, 9 to 10 a.m. Oct. 27. An iPod was stolen from a
backpack at a school.

MAPLE AVE. E., 100 block, 5:10 to 5:30 p.m. Oct. 23. A man argued with a woman
in an express checkout line in a grocery store because she had more than 12
items in her basket. Outside, the woman saw the man coming toward her as she
loaded her groceries into her car, and she got into the car and closed the door.
The man opened the door and took one of her grocery items, saying that he was
going to take something of hers because she took some of his time. The man fled
before police arrived.

MARSHALL RD. SW, 400 block, 3 p.m. Oct. 23 to 5 p.m. Oct. 24. An orange concrete
deer was stolen from the back yard of a residence.

MOOREFIELD HILL CT. SW, 1100 block, 4 p.m. Oct. 25 to 8 a.m. Oct. 26. A
BlackBerry was stolen from a vehicle, and the vehicle was ransacked.

MOOREFIELD RD. SW, 500 block, midnight Oct. 25 to 8:42 a.m. Oct. 26. A wallet
was stolen from a vehicle.

YEONAS CIR. SE, 100 block, 6 p.m. Oct. 25 to 7:25 a.m. Oct. 26. Credit cards and
"access" cards were stolen from a vehicle. A neighbor found several of the cards
later and returned them to the owner.

YEONAS CIR. SW, 100 block, 3 p.m. Oct. 23 to 10 a.m. Oct. 26. A DVD player was
stolen from an unlocked vehicle.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

GIBSON DR. SW, 600 block, 9:12 p.m. Oct. 25 to 6:27 a.m. Oct. 26. A vehicle,
containing unused checks and a satellite radio unit, was stolen from a driveway
of a residence. A spare ignition key had been left in the glove box of the
vehicle.

MOOREFIELD HILL PL. SW, 1000 block, 2:30 to 7:44 a.m. Oct. 26. A vehicle was
stolen from the driveway of a residence.

VANDALISM

BIRCH ST. SW, 500 block, noon to 2 p.m. Oct. 25. A vehicle was driven through a
yard of a residence.

MOOREFIELD HILL CT. SW, 1100 block, 6:30 p.m. Oct. 25 to 8:40 a.m. Oct. 26. A
vehicle was entered and searched. Nothing was reported missing.

MOOREFIELD RD. SW, 500 block, 7 p.m. Oct. 25 to 9:02 a.m. Oct. 26. A vehicle was
entered and searched. Nothing was reported missing.

PRINCETON TERR. SW, 500 block, 6:30 p.m. Oct. 25 to 8:41 a.m. Oct. 26. An
unlocked vehicle was entered and searched. Nothing was reported missing.

STEPHENS CIR. SW, 500 block, 5 p.m. Oct. 26 to 8:30 a.m. Oct. 28. A vehicle was
entered and searched. Nothing was reported missing.

-- Compiled by Jean Mack

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Fairfax South

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             366 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 4, 2009 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

A tired story: Business vs. labor

BYLINE: Steven Pearlstein

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 1023 words


In the American narrative on global competitiveness, there are two enduring
story lines.

In one, unions use their power to strike to win wages, benefits and job
protections that are so excessive that companies become uncompetitive and lose
market share to imports or nonunion competitors, or are forced out of business.
By the time the unions finally face reality and agree to make the necessary
concessions, it's often too late.

In the other story line, incompetent corporate executives who aren't clever
enough to come up with interesting products or efficient ways to make them try
to keep their companies competitive by moving production to lower-cost locations
overseas, or nonunion regions at home, creating a race to the bottom in which
American workers cannot afford to buy the products they make.

Although the world tends to divide itself between people who believe one story
line or the other, there is, in fact, a good deal of truth to both of them.

Consider, for example, Ford's announcement this week that it had finally
achieved a profitable quarter after years of red ink and steep losses in market
share.

To most of Ford's unionized auto workers, the results were a signal that after
years of layoffs, pay freezes and benefit cuts, the latest concessions
negotiated by union leaders were unnecessary. As they saw it, Ford's sales
turnaround confirmed their long-held belief that all that was required to make
Ford competitive again was for its overpaid executives to come up with cars that
Americans wanted to buy.

The workers are right about the cars, of course, but dead wrong on the issue of
Ford's financial viability. Ford will now be forced to compete at a cost
disadvantage not only to foreign producers, but to GM and Chrysler, whose
workers accepted steep concessions as part of their government bailouts.
Moreover, a big reason Ford has been able to avoid bankruptcy and ride out the
recession is that its executives were clever enough to hock the entire company
when credit was available and build up a huge cash reserve. Much of that money
has now been used to cover operating losses. What remains, however, is a heavy
debt load that could easily force Ford into the ditch.

'Them-vs.-us'

While the UAW leadership has finally acknowledged these competitive realities,
much of the rank-and-file remains stuck in a "them-vs.-us" mind-set where the
reference point isn't the customer or the competition but the status quo. For
them, what matters most isn't whether something still makes business sense, but
whether it is a "give-back."

It's this attitude that helps explain why places such as Detroit and Flint are
economic disaster zones. In theory, you'd think that industrial companies
planning to expand their U.S. production would flock to a place with good
transportation infrastructure, lots of cheap land, plus an unlimited supply of
experienced workers desperate for a job. The reality, however is that most
companies won't even consider Detroit out of a fear that a union-worker
mentality will doom them as surely as it did the automakers.

That fear was certainly a factor when Rolls-Royce went looking for its first
North American location to build and test jet engines for Airbus and Boeing.
After considering Georgia and South Carolina, Rolls broke ground last month on a
site in southern Virginia, another right-to-work state with great engineering
schools, a pleasant quality of life and a low-wage workforce, but one that will
need lots of training to meet Roll's requirements.

A move to break union hold

And last week, Boeing announced that it would open a second manufacturing
facility for its new 787 Dreamliner in North Charleston, S.C., the first time it
has ever located production of its commercial jets outside of its manufacturing
base in Seattle. Boeing made no bones about its desire to break the hold of the
powerful machinists' union. Their eight-week walkout last year cost Boeing more
than $3 billion and further delayed deliveries of the first 787s, which were
already more than two years behind schedule.

Ironically, most of the 787 delay was caused not by the union but by Boeing's
efforts to work around its labor difficulties by outsourcing much of the
production to subcontractors. After several subcontractors proved unable to meet
delivery schedules and quality standards, however, Boeing acknowledged its
mistake, recorded several billion dollars in cost overruns and began to bring
more of that work back in-house.

Boeing's South Carolina plant will be located at a complex developed by one of
those subcontractors, Vought Aircraft, whose problems led Boeing to buy the
operation from the Carlyle Group for $1 billion. On the day after announcing the
purchase, Boeing launched a successful effort to decertify the machinist's union
at the facility only a year after it had been voted in by workers.

Although Boeing has long wanted to diversify its geographic base, the company
went through the motions of giving the machinists' union and Washington state
officials an opportunity to compete to keep the other 787 plant in Seattle.
While the union's final offer included the 10-year no-strike provision that the
company had demanded, the union also demanded 3 percent annual wage increases
over the next decade, along with a promise not to oppose union organizing
efforts and a guarantee of future production work in the Seattle area. With
labor costs in Seattle now 30 percent above what they are in places like
Charleston, Boeing rejected the offer out of hand.

There is nothing inevitable about Boeing becoming the next General Motors, or
Seattle the next Detroit, but those remain real possibilities. It may be
comforting for business and labor to cling to their familiar story lines, but we
know how these narratives end. The business executives dream of crushing or
escaping the unions is no less a fantasy than the workers' determination to
preserve pay and work rules that ignore competitive realities. It's time for
both sides to get real and figure out how to collaborate on a new social
contract.

Steven Pearlstein will host a Web discussion today at 11 a.m. at
washingtonpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             367 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 3, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Ford zooms back into the black;
Reports profit of $1 billion Cost cutting, 'Clunkers' credited for turnaround

BYLINE: Peter Whoriskey

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 872 words


Ford, the only major American automaker to avert bankruptcy and spurn a
government bailout, signaled its growing strength Monday, posting a
third-quarter profit of about $1 billion and lifting hopes that the U.S.
industry can recover.

The financial results marked the first time Ford's North American operations
have been profitable since 2005, and the turnaround reflects the fact that the
automaker has drastically cut costs, slashed tens of thousands from it workforce
and produced more appealing cars, analysts said. The government incentive
program "Cash for Clunkers," also provided a boost.

Yet Ford's recovery remains fragile. The United Auto Workers announced just
hours after the earnings report that its members at Ford plants voted
overwhelmingly to refuse to give up their right to strike on wages when the
current contract expires in 2011.

"We haven't had a raise in five years," said Nick Kottalis, president of the
local at the truck plant in Dearborn, Mich. "It's peculiar that Ford was asking
for all these concessions while they were making all this money. A lot of the
people on the line were asking, 'Was this all a big lie?' "

The union's stance is far from the biggest challenge facing the company,
however.

Unlike General Motors and Chrysler, which went through bankruptcy to cleanse
their balance sheets, Ford is burdened by more than $23 billion in debt and has
billions in other obligations that are restraining its prospects. It was the
crush of just such obligations that brought GM and Chrysler to the brink of
annihilation earlier this year.

Maybe even more daunting, the demand for new cars in the United States remains
weak. The U.S. market generated more than 16 million in sales during its peak a
few years ago; this year it is forecast to run about 10 million. Next year it
has been pegged at slightly more than 11 million.

"As long as demand is this low, it's hard for anybody to make money in the
automobile business," said Louis E. Lataif, a former Ford executive who is now
head of the school of management at Boston University.

Indeed, the general economic uncertainty has clouded Ford's view of the
immediate future.

The company said it expects to return to "solid profitability" in 2011. But
company officials stopped short of predicting results for next quarter or next
year.

"We're just not sure, mainly about the strength of the recovery," Ford's chief
executive, Alan R. Mulally, said on the conference call with analysts.

Ford reported a profit of $997 million (29 cents a share), for the three-month
period, compared with a loss of $161 million (7 cents) a year earlier. An
aggressive effort to cut costs helped the bottom line.

The profits came despite the fact that revenue was down $800 million from the
same period a year ago, to $30.9 billion.

But over the past three years, Ford has closed more than 10 plants and cut 45
percent of its workforce in its North American division.

This quarter, Ford cut its automotive structural costs by $1 billion, the
company said.

The proposed labor agreement  rejected by workers would have given Ford even
more control over plant costs.

Its provisions, which matched deals approved for Chrysler and GM earlier this
year, would have changed work rules, imposed a wage freeze on new hires and,
critically, would have imposed a "no strike" clause when the current contract
expires in 2011.

But in a vote completed Sunday, union members overwhelmingly rejected the
concessions, which had been approved by union leadership. It was the first time
in at least several years that Ford members had voted to reject contract
provisions, analysts said. The proposal would have given workers $1,000 each.

The union members "are essentially saving their strike weapon," said Gary N.
Chaison, a professor of industrial relations at Clark University.

He said the vote to reject was "an embarrassment and to some degree a debacle
for UAW leadership and for Ford. It's an embarrassment for the UAW because the
workers didn't close ranks. And its an embarrassment to Ford because they went
to the well too many times for concessions."

Analysts said it was difficult for Ford to simultaneously project itself as a
strong company and ask the union to give up some of its rights.

"It really is hard to talk out of both sides of your mouth," said Kristin
Dziczek, director of labor and industry at the Center for Automotive Research.

The primary challenge for all of the automakers is how to build cars that people
actually want to buy.

GM chief executive Fritz Henderson repeatedly emphasizes the company's need to
create better product lines. On Wednesday, Chrysler is slated to unveil a new
lineup. According to analysts, Ford may have gotten the jump on its rivals in
revamping its offerings.

The company's market share, which had steadily declined from 20.6 percent in
2002 to 14.9 percent in 2008, has rebounded slightly, according to data from
Edmunds.com. So far this year, Ford's share has grown to 15.6 percent.

"There are no mysteries about how to manage a car company: You need to control
costs and have great products. The trouble is how to actually do it," said
Jeremy Anwyl, chief executive of Edmunds.com. "But along with the brutal human
toll, recessions clear the mind."

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE; Jim R. Bounds/bloomberg News; Jim Bailie shops at a Ford dealership in
North Carolina. Ford's market share has risen this year.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             368 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      October 23, 2009 Friday 11:00 AM EST

Real Wheels

BYLINE: Warren Brown, Washington Post columnist, washingtonpost.com

SECTION: LIVEONLINE

LENGTH: 2212 words



HIGHLIGHT: Washington Post cars columnist Warren Brown was online Friday,
October 23, at 11 a.m. ET to discuss the auto industry and offer purchase advice
to readers. Brown has covered the cars industry for The Washington Post since
1982.


Washington Post cars columnist Warren Brown was online Friday, October 23, at 11
a.m. ET to discuss the auto industry and offer purchase advice to readers. Brown
has covered the cars industry for The Washington Post since 1982.

The transcript follows.

____________________

Rockville, Md.: We had a Ford Fusion as a rental and liked it enough that we are
considering buying one but we are confused about the Taurus. Is it considered
the top of the line for Ford? What's the difference between the two models?

Warren Brown: Good morning, Rockville:

The Fusion is mid-size. The Taurus, intoduced as a mid-size sedan in the 1990s,
has now been brought back as a full-size family sedan. Both are now models that
can compete with all rivals in their respective segments. The hot Fusion is the
Fusion Hybrid. The hot Taurus is the Taurus SHO.

_______________________

Arlington, Va.: I am thinking about replacing my 03 Jetta with something larger.
Are there any advantages to buying used over new? I'm considering a Huyndai
Santa Fe or a Honda CRV or Pilot.

Warren Brown: Hello, Arlington:

Keep in mind that the HNDA Pilot is a mid-size -- Ford Explorer class -- SUV. Do
you want something that large? The Santa Fe, CR-V and same segment Toyota Rav-4,
Chevrolet Equinox and Nissan Rogue essentially are smaller, but quite
serviceable, compact crossover utility vehicles. Buying any of those new comes
with higher insurance costs, along with about a 30-percent value depreciation
hit as soon as you drive it off the lot. If you can buy used, buy used.

_______________________

Alexandria, Va.: I have waited for one of the big three to make available a
small diesel in something less than a heavy duty truck. For cars Mercedes,
Volkswagen and BMW, and I believe Audi will or already have diesel offerings. GM
previously planned to offer the 4.5 in the 1/2 ton for 2010 but that was
canceled. There were also suppose to be diesel offerings from Ford and Chrysler
both canceled. I am all for the big three making a profit but how can they when
they are too risk averse? After reading your article on Sunday on the Dodge
pickup and the bad fuel mileage I know I do not want to buy any vehicle like
that unless it is a diesel. I do not trust our government to have the good
energy policy and foresee $4-a-gallon gas again or worse. I noticed that
Mahindra, a company from India, is going to have small diesel pickups for 2010:
the TR20 regular cab and TR40 crew cab mid-size diesel pickups that get 30 miles
per gallon. It is too bad that American auto companies will not lead but the
foreign manufactures are already there. I am ready to put my money where my
mouth is but would have preferred to have paid an American auto manufacture.
Warren, when will you test this new vehicle?

Warren Brown: Alexandria, thank you for that note. GM, Ford, and Chrysler are
driving me nuts on this issue. They could kick Toyota and everybody else
completely out of pickup trucks with a solid, affordable diesel in something
like the Dodge Dakota, Ram 15000, Silverado (where GM apparently is replacing
the Duramax...eventually). I wish I could've had someone from those companies on
my recent tour of central Virginia, North Carolina and more recently in Georgia,
where I spent time talking with people who want and need trucks. They all said
they'd replace their current guzzling gasoline models if somebody gave them a
diesel engine they could trust and afford. And, NO, NO, NO, they don't want
complex, expensive dual-mode gas-electric hybrids!

_______________________

Annapolis: Hi, Warren. I have a 2004 Solara sport six-cylinder that is so
totally reliable even at 106k, but I am getting the itch (also tired of it
pulling to the left; always has, always will). Along with the itch is the wish
to better my gas mileage. So, I am looking at that new Lexus 250 hybrid which
seems to be around $40k, the Prius of course, which can be mid-20s to mid-30s
depending on the model, and the BMW diesel, the 335D. Or I could stick with
mid-20s for mileage and go Acura TL or Infiniti G37 or the BMW 328i at mid-30s
price range.

Or just drive the Solara until it keels over. Help me, sage one.

Warren Brown: Hello, Annapolis:

All of the alternate models you're loking at are good. I particularly like the
335D. When it comes to gas-electric hybrids, I advise you to do this, seriously:

Drive the Lexus 250 hybrid.

Then, drive a fully loaded Ford Fusion hybrid.

Then, come back here and talk to us about your experience. I'm betting that, for
several thousand dollars less, the Fusion Hybrid is going to make a pretty good
impression.

_______________________

Columbia, Md.: We bought a brand new 2004 Honda Accord V6 in the fall of 2003.
The model we were interested in happened to have leather interior. We have been
very disappointed in how the leather seats have worn. For the last couple of
years, the seats have shown unsightly cracks (the service tech assured me, "this
is how mine looks too."), and recently one of the cracks split open. We usually
drive our cars for at least 10 years. This is the first time we've gotten a
leather interior vehicle. We usually purchase a car with the fabric/plush seats,
and the interior has always looked almost brand new for the whole length of the
time we've owned our cars. It's hard for me to believe that an option we paid
extra for could wear in such a disappointing way. The dealership quoted a price
of $1,000 per seat in the front to replace each of the seats (the back still
looks okay, but it is not used as much either).

I have a letter drafted to Honda complaining about the quality of the seats. Is
there another entity I can write to that would make my letter carry a little
extra weight, or am I just wasting my time? I'm including in my letter the
content of the exact complaint from another consumer that I came across on the
Internet. Makes me angry that Honda can get away with such shoddy materials,
albeit a few years later. Thanks for any help or advice you can provide, Warren!

Warren Brown: Hello, Columbia:

Not all leather is created equally. I'm willing to bet that the leather in your
Accord V-6 was hard and shiny at purchase, hot and slippery in summer, cold and
uncomfortable in winter. That's all too common with many leather surfaces.

Tutorial: Next time you buy leather, test it for suppleness. Is it soft, warm?
Does it conform easily to back and butt? Is it breathable? Chances are, assuming
it meets those criteria, it will be more expensive leather. But you'll enjoy it.
And you'll never have to worry about cracks.

_______________________

Columbia, Md.: Have you heard of shortages on the used car market? My local
CarMax's inventory looks rather thin. Could the cars trashed as part of "Cash
for Clunkers" and people keeping cars longer to save money be the cause?

Warren Brown: Yes, Columbia. The used-car market is tight -- a combination of
people holding onto their cars longer, other people buying used in pursuit of
reliable personal trasportation at a lower price -- the birth of The New
Frugality. What's that? Nowadays, many people are less concerned about image
than they are about saving money, using it more wisely. Perfect mentality for
used-car sales.

_______________________

Washington, DC: How can I ask individual car manufacturers questions about their
upcoming models? Specifically I would like to know about plans to introduce more
fuel efficient engines in cars over the next year. Are there contacts within the
firms to get a reasonably accurate understanding of their plans? The dealers
either don't know or are more interested in selling cars they have in the lot.

Warren Brown: Rare is the OEM, original equipment manufacturer, foreign or
domestic, who will give you details on upcoming models. Forgive me. I said
"rare." It would've been better to say "non-existent."

But nearly all of them would be happy to talk with you in broad, general terms.
But I wouldn't bank on too much of what you're told in that regard.

_______________________

Ashburn, Va.: Hi, Warren. This may be the wrong forum but I'll ask regardless.
Why the big bump in gas prices over the last 10 days? Is is time for the "winter
mix" and we're paying for what's left from the "summer mix"?

Warren Brown: Your question is welcome, Ashburn. Yes, some increased fuel
refining costs are increasing prices. But, also, crude oil prices have been
rising a bit.

The bottom line: As the global economy recovers, overall fossil fuel prices will
rise. Factories increase output. Tankers and 18-wheelers are called upn to
distribute that output. Construction of all sort increases. It all requires
energy, mostly derived from oil.

It is simply insane for our national leaders to pretend that we in America could
continue fueling our cars and trucks longterm for less than $4.00 a gallon.

_______________________

Madison, Wis.: Wife and I need a newer family friendly vehicle. We have a
2-year-old and a 2-month-old, kid seats and gear to haul most everywhere. We
like the Mazda 5 and Kia Rondo and will probably get a "newer" used vehicle
considering budget (under $12,000). You mentioned stabilization safety issues
for the Mazda 5 in another post. Do you like one more than the other? Any other
similar vehicles we should check out?

Warren Brown: I think the problem was that the Mazda 5, at that writing, did not
have standard electronic stability control, which is highly recommended by the
Insurance Institute for Highway Safety and other traffic safety organizations.
That's easily checked at sites such as Edmunds.com, kbb.com, and Cars.com. Check
under "safety." Go with the company that offfers electronic stability
control/traction contriol for the best prie.

_______________________

Atlanta, Ga.: Hi, Warren. I'm shopping the new Buick Lacrosse against the Lexus
ES. I like them both very much. I've owned a Lexus before and love the showroom,
sales experience and how I'm treated during service calls. The Buick dealership
was like shopping for a Kia. Why doesn't GM also match Lexus on the sales and
service experience?

Warren Brown: Good question, Atlanta. I'm posting this for GM's notice.

_______________________

Atlanta, Ga.: I'm having a hard time deciding between the Subaru Outback and the
VW Jetta Sports wagon TDI. They are close enough in size that either would work,
but the Outback seems to offer a little more size and comfort, while the VW
drives a little better, and gets better gas mileage. I have a wife, 10-year-old
son and 90-pound Rhodesian Ridgeback. Given that information, which would you
choose?

Warren Brown: The Outback. And, believe me, that's hard for me to say,
considering that your other choice is the Jetta TDI, which I love.

My reasoning:

The Outback offfers more utility, especially for carrying dogs, especially big
ones, like our chocolate Labrador who is fond off roaming around the back of the
car during travel.

All-wheel-drive, standard on all Subaru models and wonderfully helpful in
inclement weather, especially if you have to pull off road to let the dog doo
what dogs doo.

_______________________

20615: Used car market thin? YES: Warren, I purchased six cars from Carmax over
the last decade. Most of the time, the cars were advertised as "X dollars below
blue book." This week, I found a low mileage 2000 Taurus wagon for $7K. I
checked Kelley and others and found the highest value for a used 2000 Taurus
wagon in excellent condition was $4.5K. I called CarMax and said "What's up? Why
is the price $3.5K ABOVE Blue Book?" and they told me, "It is what it is." No
haggling there!

Warren Brown: It is what it is. The used market is tight, and many used-car
dealers are pricing accordingly.

_______________________

Washington, DC: I will probably be in the air at the time of your chat, so am
submitting this early. My wife and I are in the market for a sporty hatchback,
and think we have narrowed down our choices to the Mazda speed 3 or the Subaru
WRX. Any thoughts on either of those two cars? Thanks so much.

Warren Brown: Easy. Mazdaspeed3. Lots of fun. Zippy. Looks more adult than the
WRX.

_______________________

Arlington, Va.: I'm looking at getting a used car in the $12,000 to $15,000
range. I'm looking at a balance between reliability, fuel economy (25+ mpg or
better), and getting a car that is fun to drive. Right now my top of the list
consideration in that price range is a 2005-2006 Honda Accord sedan. Are there
any other cars that I should be looking at in that price range? Also, in
reference to the Honda Accord what are your thoughts on the V6 versus the
four-cylinder version? Many thanks!

Warren Brown: Easy, Arlington. Get the inline four-cylinder Accord. Make peace
with the right lane. Save fuel and be happy. And be prepared to live with that
one for a long, long time. Those four-cylinder Accords last forever.

_______________________

Warren Brown: Thanks for joining us today. Please come back next week. Thank
you, Delece, for a fine production.

Good luck, Sakina and new baby.

Ria is eating lunch on vacation.

_______________________

Editor's Note: washingtonpost.com moderators retain editorial control over
Discussions and choose the most relevant questions for guests and hosts; guests
and hosts can decline to answer questions. washingtonpost.com is not responsible
for any content posted by third parties.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2009 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             369 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      October 16, 2009 Friday 11:00 AM EST

Real Wheels

BYLINE: Warren Brown, Washington Post columnist, washingtonpost.com

SECTION: LIVEONLINE

LENGTH: 2368 words



HIGHLIGHT: Washington Post cars columnist Warren Brown was online Friday,
October 16, at 11 a.m. ET to discuss the auto industry and offer purchase advice
to readers. Brown has covered the cars industry for The Washington Post since
1982.


Washington Post cars columnist Warren Brown was online Friday, October 16, at 11
a.m. ET to discuss the auto industry and offer purchase advice to readers. Brown
has covered the cars industry for The Washington Post since 1982.

The transcript follows.

____________________

Rockville, Md.: Any suggestions on a new car for under 20K that my carpool would
not feel bad about me driving? I'm looking for a commuter car that is not
luxurious, but still comfortable so I don't have to feel too cheap. I mean at
almost 50 years old, I deserve something fairly nice, right? Is there a car out
there for me?

Warren Brown: Good morning, Rockville:

In that price range, it's hard to beat Kia, particularly the excellent
value-for-dollar Kia Forte sedan, which starts a tad under $14,000. We've driven
that one all over the Northeast problem free. We particularly like he EX version
-- surprising power, comfort, and safety in the $20,000-range.

_______________________

Arlington, Va.: I know today's chat is about the Industry but can you sneak in a
car question?Thoughts on the 2006/2007 Acura RL? I have an 06 A4 quattro 2.0T.
Just came off warranty. I am nervous about future maintenance bills. I think
switching to the Acura -- while being an upgrade -- would also cost less over
the long term.

Warren Brown: Hello, Arlington:

You're right. Buying an Acura, almost any Acura, will buy you peace of mind.
Those cars tend to avoid catastrophic failure. But compared with the Audi A4,
compared with almost any Audi, they are boring as heck. You're trading fun for
security. Your call.

_______________________

Bethesda: You trumpet the quality (LOL) of American cars, yet: "Ford Motor Co.
said Tuesday it will add 4.5 million older-model vehicles to the long list of
those recalled because a defective cruise control switch could cause a fire."
Maybe you need trumpet lessons!

Warren Brown: Get real, Bethesda: "Toyota's latest image battle: Rusty Tundras"
(Automotive News, Oct. 12, 2009). Every single car company makes mistakes. Error
is not something unique to domestic car companies. Nor, statistically, are the
domestics more prone to error than anyone else. It's simply silly to suggest
otherwise.

_______________________

Washington, D.C.: Hi Warren,

I'm submitting my question in joke form:

What has 4 doors, leather seats, a manual transmission, is fun to drive, and has
a base price of $25 - $35k?

Not funny, "ha ha", funny, "interesting". I'm having a difficult time finding
this combination, and I know you can help.

Thanks!

Warren Brown: Mini Cooper

Mini Cooper Clubman

and

Mini Cooper w/Cooper Works

also

Mazda3 s Sport and Mazda3 s Touring

VW Jetta Tdi and

Audi A4

Buick La Crosse

Ford Fusion Hybrid

_______________________

Washington, D.C.: Is there a mid-priced car that has a very, very quiet ride? My
wife's mother is in early stage dementia, and we take her for Sunday rides. She
enjoys getting out... but passing trucks and motorbikes causes some agitation.

Warren Brown: Trust me when I tell you it will be hard to find automotive
interiors quieter than those now offered in the Buck LaCrosse and Buick Lucerne.
Heck, forget trusting me. Take them out for a test drive. The interior silence
will speak for itself.

_______________________

Anonymous: Warren, a recurring question from families seems to be the need for a
truly fuel-economical 6+ passenger vehicle. Why then have Chevy and Ford delayed
their answers to this need until 2011, when their designs (Orlando and C-Max
Grand) have already been introduced to the public at shows? Don't they want the
business?

Warren Brown: All car companies are trying to meet that demand. Both Chevy and
Ford have answers -- the Chevrolet Traverse and Ford Flex (assuming you are
sticking with the 6+ seating configration). Mileage on those models are
competitive with those of rival vehicles.

_______________________

Takoma Park, Md.: Hey, Warren. Thanks for the chats. Do you know anything about
VW coming up with Diesel Hybrids? I feel like I heard a rumor about a 70 mpg
diesel hybrid golf, but I can't find anything recent written about it. Any
thoughts about golf/rabbits? My friends with VWs seems to complain about cheap
interiors and high service costs a lot.

Warren Brown: VW in the next few years, beginning now, will do in the United
States what it long has done in Europe -- push diesels. Why? Diesels are 30
percent more efficient than gasoline models. With new direct injection and other
technologies, they are also quiet and non-smelly -- relatively minor offenders
in the matter of tailpipe pollution. There has been some discussion at Audi/VW
about the possibility of diesel/electric hybrids. But I'm betting that the
strategy will be to push new diesels sans hybrid tech first.

_______________________

Washington, D.C.: It appears I've missed my chance to buy the 2009 VW Jetta TDI.
Do you know if there are significant changes between this model and the 2010?

Warren Brown: No significant changes, Washington.

_______________________

Plymouth, Mich.: Warren, excellent comment in the Oct. 9 chat to the parent of a
new driver suggesting a defensive driving course. You might also mention the
1-day Teen Defensive Driving course offered at the Mid-Ohio track in Lexington,
OH (sponsored by Honda). I've taken each of my (three) new drivers there after
they received their licenses. It improves their car control and defensive
driving skills.

Warren Brown: Posted for posterity. Thank you.

_______________________

Carthage, Miss.: Why is it taking so long for 'clean' diesel engines to appear
in American cars?

Warren Brown: Development costs. Fear that the American public just doesn't get
diesels. Worry about more federal regulation affecting diesel engines. The
absence of a sensible transportation energy policy in the United states, which
yelds fuel pices that make little sense. And, of course, lots of baloney and
bull.

Truth is, based on interviews I've done with consumers in Virginia and North
Carolina, there's a real hankering for diesels out here, particularly for
diesels in full-size pickup trucks, such as the Dodge Ram 1500, Ford F-150,
Chevrolet Silverado and Toyota Tundra.

_______________________

Florida: Tempted to trade my 2007 Fit (teen won't drive stick) for a  2010
Insight. They seem pricey. Will that likely change after the first year's models
are sold?

Warren Brown: Hold it, Florida. Teen won't drive stick? An easy stick such as
the five-speed manual job in the Honda Fit?

Hmph. If teen won't drive stick, particulary that stick, then teen won't drive.
That's nuts. Teen needs to master that stick. Then, teen should be enrolled in a
defensive driving course. The new Honda Insight is a reasonably priced hybrid.
But spending money on it because teen won't drive stick strikes me as being
particularly unreasonable. Does teen have a job? Is teen gong to buy the
Insight? Nuts!

_______________________

NYC: Mr. Brown,

Last week you recommended the Subaru Tribeca. Would you mind providing just a
few details as basis for the recommendation. Edmunds' review states that you can
get more bang for your buck (or even less buck) with a few other comparable
vehicles.

Cheers.

Warren Brown: Edmunds is right.

There is, for example, the Kia Sedona. Excellent safety, great build quality and
good comfort starting at a tad more than $21,000. And if you want best-priced
luxury in that crossover segment, the Hyundai Veacruz is nice at a base a bit
above $28,000. But the question, I thought, concerned Tribeca's quality and
overall worthiness. Both are good referential to the Tribeca, particularly to
the model redesigned for 2009. And nobody, I think, makes a better
all-wheel-drive crossover utility vehicle than the Subaru Tribeca.

_______________________

Follow-up...: To your comment that an Acura is boring compared to the A4... I
used to think the same but: 1. My A4 lags when I punch the accelerator. This is
either the quattro or turbo lag, but either way, the RL doesn't. 2. Germans
don't 'get it' like the Japanese. For example, have you ever put the key in an
A4 before you buckle your seat belt? You'd think you're trying to escape
Alcatraz. Also, A4 2.0T = no seat memory (comparing 06s here) 3. RL & A4 are
both four-door sedans. The A4 has nicer wheels; that's about it. RL has many
more feature.

I understand RL to A4 isn't fair but the TL has many of the same features that
the A4 lacks... just no AWD.

I have always felt the Europeans have more sex appeal than the Asians... but
starting to feel like that is an old car moray that is changing... just like US
cars are junk.

Warren Brown: Fair enough arguments. But I respectfully disagree. You can get
memory on A4 seats. Also, I like all of those warning noises when I put the key
in the ignition before buckling my safety belt. The Germans are right on that:
Buckle the darned belt. THEN insert the key. And, yeah, both the Acura TL and RL
drive nicely. But, c'mon. Neither is nearly as much fun to drive as an A4 or A6.

_______________________

Baltimore: I am thinking of buying a 1971 Ford Bronco for weekend driving. Am I
an idiot for doing this?

Warren Brown: I would never call you or anyone else an idiot, Baltimore,
particularly not in this space where we are trying mightily to remain civil.

Misguided? Perhaps.

Self-destructive? Possibly.

Upside-down? In the 1971 Bronco? Sooner or later. Yes.

_______________________

Olney, Md.: Warren, I picked up my 2010 Camaro in September. After 500 miles my
airbag light came on. It took a few days but the dealer finally was able to get
their computer to "talk" to my car they decided it was the sensor module. It
took a week to find the part. It was installed yesterday and they took my car
for a 15-mile test drive. When I picked up the car last night the airbag light
was on again. Have you heard of any problems with the 2010 Camaro's airbag or
computer system? I'd appreciate any insight.

Thanks, "Missing My Camaro"

Warren Brown: Hello, Olney:

Yes. It happens in the new Camaro. It also happens in BMW, Mercedees-Benz
(E-Class) and several other cars. I'm willing to bet that it's a supplier
problem, and that it does involve faulty modules. Hmm. I'll try to chase this
down...

_______________________

Warren Brown: Note: To those of you who asked:

Confirmed this morning: Yes. GM will offer blind-side monitoring as an option on
the 2010 Buik LaCrosse beginning late 2009.

_______________________

Anonymous: By "truly fuel-economical" 6+ passenger vehicles, I meant those that
meet the gold standard of 30+ mpg on the highway, which Traverse, Flex and their
rivals don't now achieve and probably won't ever.

Warren Brown: Who does, at this writing? What car company now offers a 6+
passenger full-size crossover that gets 30+ mpg highway? They'll get there. They
have no choice. Gas-electric hybrid. Improved engine management. Diesel.
Diesel-electric. CNG-electric. Something. They'll get there as long as there is
a market demanding that they get there. And who says 30+mpg is the "gold
standard"? In this case, "getting there" could well be 40+mpg or better.

_______________________

Glen Echo: Warren: Opinion on a fun car under $25k for daily driving and
occasional track day? The 2010 Mazdaspeed 3 has my eye (the old one did too).
Anything else I should think about?

Warren Brown: A Honda Fit Sport with certain afftrmarket revisions.

_______________________

Pittsburgh, Pa.: Warren, have you driven the price-bloated Taurus SHO yet? Nice
car, but way pricey.

Warren Brown: In two weeks.

_______________________

D.C.: Hi Warren, thanks for taking questions. I'm looking to buy my first car in
the next few months (I've made it to age 26 without needing to own one, but am
afraid that may not be possible much longer as I'm moving). I'm completely
overwhelmed by the process of selecting a car. Any resources you can recommend
to help me choose the right (used) car?

Warren Brown: Frankly, D.C., if you don't have to own a car in your new life,
try renting. Seriously. On the weekends, for example. Or work out a monthly deal
with a company such as Enterprise, or one of those Zipcar outfits. That will
give you a good idea about what kind of car you want to live with, assuming you
choose to live with one, in your new life.

_______________________

Tucson, Ariz.: How will GM do when they do not have a Buick dealership that
sells new cars in our metropolitan area? GM closed the one Buick dealership and
haven't announced a new one. Hard to sell cars without a dealer in 100 miles of
a million people.

Warren Brown: Good question. GM?

_______________________

Joke Form: Add the Mazda 6 and the 4-cylinder gas powered Fusion/Milan to that
list as well as the Nissan Altima 2.5S.

Warren Brown: What's the joke? You ever drive anyone of those any length of time
to have an informed opinion?

_______________________

Arlington: Warren,

In a vacuum, I know that car companies are touting the new cleaner diesel
technology. But in the real world, we know that not all people maintain/service
their cars the way they should.

So comparing a normal gas car w/a diesel car that are similarly poorly
maintained:

Does the the diesel cause more damage to the environment and air quality?

I ask because I was stuck behind a newish looking VW w/a TDI logo on the back
that was spewing more black smoke out the tailpipe than I've ever seen from a
passenger car.

Warren Brown: Ah, Arlington:

Modern diesels have good end treatment reducing the exhaustion of partticulates
and other nasty stuff. Modern diesels run on low-sulfur diesel, which also helps
limit the spewing of pollutants. Could lack of maintenance upset that? Yes. Just
as it could and does for gasoline models.

_______________________

Warren Brown: Oops! Sorry, Sakina. Forgot to look at the clock, again.

To the rest of you:

Thanks for joining us today. Please come back next week. Always a pleasure.

Ria, my valiant assistant:

Eat lunch.

Here's hoping you're up for trucks. Because, that's you're assignment next week.
Thanks, in advance.

_______________________

Editor's Note: washingtonpost.com moderators retain editorial control over
Discussions and choose the most relevant questions for guests and hosts; guests
and hosts can decline to answer questions. washingtonpost.com is not responsible
for any content posted by third parties.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2009 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             370 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 14, 2009 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Ford, UAW Agree to Labor Contract

BYLINE: Peter Whoriskey; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 413 words


Ford and the United Auto Workers have reached a tentative labor accord,
officials said Tuesday, completing a round of union concessions that began
earlier this year during the near-collapse of the U.S. auto industry.

The union had previously made concessions to General Motors and Chrysler as
those companies slipped into bankruptcy proceedings.

The revised Ford deal, which must still be ratified by workers, gives the
automaker a similar arrangement to those of its major U.S. competitors, sources
close to the negotiations said.

The agreement "would help Ford improve its current and long-term competitiveness
in the United States," Joe Hinrichs, Ford's head of labor relations, said in a
statement.

A council of UAW officials approved the agreement Tuesday, the union said.

"This agreement is another step in meeting the challenges of a very difficult
time in the U.S. auto industry, and we look forward to presenting it to UAW Ford
workers," UAW President Ronald A. Gettelfinger said in a statement.

The details of the agreement were not officially disclosed. But according to
sources, among the key concessions from the union are a commitment not to strike
on wage and benefits until 2012, a wage freeze on entry-level workers, and a
relaxation in work rules to allow employees to perform a wider variety of tasks.

The sources spoke on the condition of anonymity because the agreement has not
yet won ratification.

Gary Chaison, a professor of labor relations at Clark University, said the most
troubling concession for union members is the commitment not to strike until
2012.

"Workers understand that they have to take cuts in bad times," he said. "But the
loss of the strike option makes them wonder if, when times get better, they will
lose the power to recoup their losses."

Though the agreement requires union concessions, it does give full-time workers
a one-time $1,000 bonus. The award is called a "quality and productivity" bonus,
but some regard that element as a sweetener offered to encourage passage of the
agreement.

Under the agreement, Ford also said it would commit new products to assembly
plants in Ohio, Michigan, Kansas City and Chicago.

The union indicated that another part of the agreement's appeal is that it
helped protect retirees.

"With the current proposals, we have protected our retirees and won important
additional product and investment commitments for our active members," said UAW
Vice President Bob King, who leads the union negotiations with Ford.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             371 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 14, 2009 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Millions of Vehicles Added To Massive Ford Recall;
Cruise-Control Switches Faulted in Range of Models

BYLINE: Stephen Manning and Tom Krisher; Associated Press

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 543 words

DATELINE: DETROIT, Oct. 13


Ford said Tuesday that it will add 4.5 million older-model vehicles to the long
list of those recalled because a defective cruise-control switch could cause a
fire.

The latest voluntary action pushes the total number of Ford vehicles recalled
over the faulty switches to 14.3 million over 10 years, capping the company's
largest cumulative recall in history involving a single problem.

The recall Tuesday covers 1.1 million Ford Windstar minivans that had a small
risk of fire due to internal leaking from the switches. Ford said in a letter to
federal regulators that it found a small number of reported fires linked to the
problem during an internal investigation that began last year but did not
specify how many.

The remaining 3.4 million vehicles are Ford, Lincoln and Mercury models. Ford
said that there were no reports of fires with those models, most of them trucks
and sport-utility vehicles, but that they were included in the recall because
they use the same switches. All vehicles covered by the recall are from the 1992
to 2003 model years.

Ford advised owners of all vehicles covered by the recall to park them outside
until they are mailed instructions by the end of the month on how to get
repairs.

Ford has struggled for a decade with the problem, which has prompted hundreds of
complaints and dozens of lawsuits over fires allegedly caused by faulty
switches. A small number of injuries have also been linked to the problem,
though none were reported in the latest recall. Previous recalls included some
of Ford's most popular brands, such as the popular F-series of pickup trucks.

Ford began an investigation of Windstar vehicles in February 2008 after
receiving a growing number of reports of fires under the vehicles' hoods,
according to a letter the company sent to the National Highway Transportation
Safety Agency late last week, announcing the recall. In June 2008, NHTSA began
its own probe of the problem.

Investigators found that the switches, made by Texas Instruments, could leak
internally, overheat and ignite. NHTSA also identified four reports of leaking
fluid damaging the antilock-brake control module, resulting in a fire. The
module is charged with electrical current and can ignite the fluid in rare
cases, Ford spokesman Wes Sherwood said.

Even some vehicles without cruise control are part of the recall because they
still have the switches with brake fluid routed through them. To repair the
problem, dealers will install a harness to help prevent the fluid from flowing
anywhere it could be ignited.

Ford stopped using the Texas Instruments switch in 2003, Sherwood said.

Texas Instruments said in a statement that it manufactured a switch "to meet and
exceed Ford's specifications" and that it is only one component of Ford's
cruise-control-deactivation system. The company cited a 2006 NHTSA investigation
that found that multiple factors were to blame for fires. Texas Instruments no
longer owns the division that made the switches.

The recall covers the following vehicles: 1995-2003 Ford Windstar, 2000-03 Ford
Excursion diesel, 1993-97 and 1999-2003 Ford F-Series Super Duty diesel,
1992-2003 Ford Econoline, 1995-2002 Ford Explorer and Mercury Mountaineer,
1995-97 and 2001-03 Ford Ranger, and 1994 Ford F-35 Motorhome.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Bloomberg News; Ford added more than 1 million Windstar minivans
to a recall involving cruise-control switches.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             372 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 14, 2009 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

The recall covers

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 39 words


1995-2003            Ford Windstar
 2000-2003           Ford Excursion diesel
1993-1997,           Ford F-Series Super Duty diesel
1999-2003
 1992-2003           Ford Econoline
1995-2002            Ford Explorer and Mercury
                    Mountaineer
1995-1997,           Ford Ranger
2001-2003
1994                 Ford F-35 Motorhome

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             373 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 13, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

'Buy American' vs. 'Why American?'

BYLINE: Allan Sloan

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 832 words


I've written a lot about car companies since I started covering business in the
1960s, but I've written very little about cars, because they just don't interest
me much.

So I was surprised -- and fascinated -- by the volume and passion of e-mails and
online posts responding to last week's column about my buying an Asian-nameplate
SUV without considering an American vehicle, despite having bought American
almost exclusively since the '60s. I didn't trust General Motors, which orphaned
my family's three Saturns, thus reducing their value; I didn't consider Chrysler
financially viable; and I didn't look at a Ford because of a horrible experience
my wife had with a Ford decades ago.

My most interesting e-mail came from Alan Mulally, Ford's chief executive, whom
I had never met. He wrote: "Your thoughts resonated with me and are the reasons
why I joined Ford three years ago. It is all about the customer and a long-term
commitment to design, produce and support the very best vehicles in the world.

"I would welcome the opportunity to share with you our new Ford product
line-up," he continued, going on to praise the vehicles. "And we would have
fun!"

I called him, and we did have fun. He talked about feeling privileged to have a
chance to help such an iconic firm, and he listened patiently to my story of how
Ford sold my wife an imported Cortina in 1968, wouldn't help when we had trouble
with it, and secretly told dealers they could return their Cortina parts
inventory for full credit, making it difficult to get the car serviced or
repaired.

He didn't say the magic words "We're sorry," but he did want to hear what
happened. Now that someone at Ford has finally listened to me, my boycott is
over. Next time, I'll consider Ford (though not Chrysler or GM unless something
changes), provided that Ford continues to seem financially viable.

My other letters were split roughly 50-50 between people who wondered why I'd
bought so many American cars and people who called me an economic traitor for
buying an Asian-branded vehicle.

Here are excerpts, edited for clarity, and my comments.

"I guess I'm confused. You are boycotting GM because they decided to end the
Saturn line. However, later in the article you say they lost $20 billion over 20
years. So you are [angry] that an American company recognized that it had a
failing business model and decided to quit losing money? What would you rather
they do? Continue to make cars and sell them at a loss?

-- R.B., Centennial, Colo.

A fair question. GM's job is to take care of GM, my job is to take care of my
family. GM didn't even bother to say "sorry" when it orphaned millions of
Saturn, Pontiac, Oldsmobile and Hummer owners, or to offer us something (such as
discounts on a vehicle from New GM) to show it valued us. Since GM doesn't care
about me as a customer and could well orphan today's buyers, given its shaky
finances, why should I trust it with an investment that costs more than my first
house did?

"If you don't support American companies, then America will never grow. Yes,
there are employees here in the U.S. building the parts for [your new] vehicle,
but the bottom line is that the profit for this vehicle went to Asia. How does
that help the bottom line for the United States?"

-- J.K., Warrenton, Va.

"The profit from your so-called American SUV [assembled in Canada with a
U.S.-built engine] could have stayed here in America. What do your family and
friends (if you have any) think about you buying a foreign SUV?"

-- TAD, Glen Burnie, Md.

A link that someone posted on Fortune.com showed that my new ride had more North
American content than a Saturn Vue, the car I traded in. GM had no profits on
Saturns. My family and friends wonder why I'd stuck with U.S. brands for so
long.

"I am currently on my fifth Saturn, and all have run well and required little
maintenance. But Saturn eliminated [U.S.-made] cars after 2007, and went with
re-badged Mexican Opels. So, frankly, I don't know what my next car will be. I
don't think it will be from Government Motors."

-- B.A., Longmont, Colo.

"Chances are that the Asian nameplate SUV you recently purchased was made in
Tennessee or Kentucky or Indiana or Ohio by American workers whose employer pays
U.S. federal, state, and local taxes, supports other American businesses, and
sponsors charities and local softball teams. Why would you consider such a
vehicle an import? From my perspective, there is no virtue (only mindlessness)
in buying American for the sake of buying American, particularly if the
American-made product is inferior or more expensive."

-- Dan Ikenson,

Cato Institute, Washington

So is a vehicle made largely outside North America by a U.S. company more of an
American car than a vehicle made largely in North America but sold by an Asian
company? I don't know, but it's something to think about.

Scott Cendrowski of Fortune assisted with this column. Allan Sloan is Fortune
magazine's senior editor at large. His e-mail address is asloan@fortunemail.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             374 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 3, 2009 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

ACORN Losing Funding From Big Foundations

BYLINE: Susan Kinzie; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 558 words


The liberal political organizing group ACORN, battered by the release of
embarrassing videos and allegations of financial mismanagement and fraud, has
also been losing support from several major foundations.

The Ford Foundation, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, the Charles Stewart Mott
Foundation, the Marguerite Casey Foundation and Bank of America have stopped
funding the group and its affiliates over the past year and a half.

The Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now, a network that helps
low-income families with housing, voter registration and other issues, receives
about 10 percent of its $25 million annual budget from federal grants, according
to Brian Kettenring, deputy director of national operations. The rest comes from
foundations, membership dues and private donations.

The Annie E. Casey Foundation stopped making grants to ACORN in early 2009,
according to spokeswoman Sue Lin Chong. The Casey foundation gave an average of
$270,000 a year to ACORN. The foundation saw good results from the grants and
believes the funding was used appropriately, according to Cho.

The Ford Foundation, which has given nearly $2 million, suspended funding for
ACORN and its affiliate organizations about a year ago because of concerns about
inadequate financial controls and procedures, according to spokeswoman Fiona R.
Guthrie.

One local group said it has no plans to change the terms of a $50,000 grant
awarded this summer. The Collaborative for Education Organizing, part of the
Community Foundation for the National Capital Region, sponsored a project aimed
at organizing parents of District public high school students to advocate for
change in the classroom.

"They are going to keep a real close eye at what's going on at D.C. ACORN and
make a decision on how they proceed with the grant," said Terri Freeman,
Community Foundation president. Half of the money is contingent upon an interim
report due early next year.

The organization was embarrassed recently by videos showing some of its
counselors providing advice to a man and woman masquerading as a pimp and a
prostitute. It has also been wrestling with an alleged embezzlement scheme by
the founder's brother that brought the group to the brink of financial collapse,
according to internal documents. Congress recently voted to ban federal funding
for the group, and the Census Bureau and the Internal Revenue Service suspended
their cooperation with it. There have been investigations into allegations of
voter registration fraud.

ACORN officials have said that new leadership is making important changes, and
that it is trying to resolve  tax delinquencies related to the alleged
embezzlement. In the past few weeks, organization leaders sent out pleas for
help to supporters. Kettenring estimated that there has been a tenfold increase
in grass-roots support, but said he does not know exact amounts.

All of their funders are concerned, Kettenring said, but some have responded by
continuing, or even increasing, their support. They include the Needmor Fund, a
family foundation based in Toledo that gave about $150,000 a year to local
organizations affiliated with ACORN. The fund suspended grantmaking in June 2008
because of the alleged embezzlement. It resumed its funding in September after
ACORN took corrective action, said Dave Beckwith, Needmor's executive director.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             375 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 1, 2009 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

20 D.C. Women Receive Ford Motor Awards

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. DZ03

LENGTH: 153 words


Twenty District women were honored last month by Ford Motor as Freedom Sisters.
The awards recognize women who contribute to their communities in positive ways.

Each woman was nominated, and a panel of Ford executives, employees and people
familiar with the women's work selected the winners, said Pamela Alexander,
director of the Ford Motor Fund and Community Services.

The following women received their awards during a ceremony Sept. 11 on the Mall
as part of the Black Family Reunion: Barbara R. Arnwine, Denise Rolark Barnes,
Cora Masters Barry, Josie A. Bass, Jamie Foster Brown, Patricia Brown-Daniels,
Melanie L. Campbell, Lavern J. Chatman, Ann R. Gardner, Marcia Girffin, Donna F.
Grigsby, Cmd. Sgt. Maj. Michele S. Jones, Edwina Saymendy Lloyd, Brig. Gen.
Belinda Pinckney, Patrice Sheppard, Jimmie C. Jackson, Thelma Doris Jones, Ella
McCall-Haygan, Rene A. Redwood and E. Faye Williams.

-- By YAMICHE ALCINDOR

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: DC

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 28, 2009 Monday
                                Regional Edition

Make a Date

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C08

LENGTH: 88 words


MAKE A DATE Is your glass half empty or half full? Make it half full this month.
October is Positive Attitude Month!
 Monday 28
Today is Yom Kippur, one of the holiest days on the Jewish calendar.
Tuesday 29
Your entry here
Wednesday 30
Your entry here
Thursday 1
On this day in 1908, Ford Motor released the Model T car, above. It sold for
$850.
Friday 2
On this day in 1968, Redwood National Park was established in California.
Saturday 3
On this day in 1990, East and West Germany reunited after 45 years of division.
Sunday 4
Your entry here

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             377 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            September 7, 2009 Monday
                                Regional Edition

The Sad-Sack Lions Have Become Destiny's Children

BYLINE: Norman Chad/Couch Slouch

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 834 words


I often spend weeks -- even months -- researching and ruminating over the Team
of Destiny. Other than selecting my next spouse, choosing my Team of Destiny is
the single most important decision I make in any given year.

But this year's choice was a no-brainer, which, naturally, favors my thought
process.

And, ladies and gentlemen, this year's NFL Team of Destiny is . . .

Not so fast.

How stupid do I look?

If I reveal the Team of Destiny this instant, you're off playing Sudoku or
tweeting before I finish writing this sentence. Heck, I've watched the Heisman
Trophy show -- you think they tell you who's won the award before the first
commercial break?

No, before I unveil this year's shocking Team of Destiny, we're going to sit
back, pop open a Pabst Blue Ribbon and go over some Team of Destiny history.

Latecomers to Couch Slouch don't comprehend the origin of the Team of Destiny
program. The idea was simple: Take a team from the league's scrapheap --
preferably one coming off several bad years -- and spiritually steer that
franchise to a turnaround. Some people believe the Arizona Cardinals failed me
as the Team of Destiny last season because they lost the Super Bowl -- nonsense!
The Team of Destiny's goal is to make the Super Bowl.

I always chose a new Team of Destiny each year; however, I stuck with the
Cardinals through five seasons because they acquired otherworldly Kurt Warner,
with whom I developed a special, extraterrestrial relationship when he was with
the Rams. And my patience paid off: He became the first quarterback to lead a
Team of Destiny to the Super Bowl, and I got invited to an offseason dinner at
Warner's home on Planet Alderaan.

Back here on Earth, I now need to designate the next destiny-kissed
ne're-do-well.

As I said earlier, there was no debate this year. Why quibble over the merits of
various 3-13, 4-12 and 6-10 mediocrities when you have 0-16 staring at you?

That's right, folks, the Detroit Lions are your next Team of Destiny.

The NFL's first 0-16 team in history -- a franchise with eight consecutive
losing years and one playoff victory in 51 seasons -- will improbably roar into
Super Bowl XLIV.

Hey, if the Ford Motor Company can make a comeback, if the city of Detroit can
make a comeback, if America can make a comeback, then certainly the Lions can
make a comeback.

For starters, the Lions have been freed from Matt Millen. Under Millen's
direction -- he made the Skipper in "Gilligan's Island" look like Vasco da Gama
-- the Lions suffered through some of the worst NFL drafts ever. He couldn't
find hay in a haystack.

(By the way, in the 2001-to-2008 Millen era, the Lions lost their first 11 games
and their last 17 games. In between, they went a respectable 31-69.)

I am bullish on the Lions' new coach, Jim Schwartz. To me, he is one part Knute
Rockne, one part Albert Einstein and two parts Winston Churchill, plus he once
had an unpaid position under Bill Belichick, which means he has been exposed to
true genius.

The '09 Lions aren't your '08 Lions. Gone are more than half the players -- last
year: chicken liver; this year: coq au vin -- and these Lions will party like
it's 1999 (the last time they made the playoffs).

What, I'm supposed to fret because quarterback Daunte Culpepper got eight
stitches near one of his toes from tripping over his own home carpet? Blessings
come in many forms, my friends. Or, as Rick said so sublimely in "Casablanca,"
"It seems that destiny has taken a hand."

In this case, destiny has taken a foot, and Culpepper's misstep means the
superlative No. 1 draft pick, Matthew Stafford, can lead the Lions to the
promised land, which this season is just off Exit 2X on the Florida Turnpike
near a Hooters.

So you read it here first, unless you stopped reading when I mentioned Sudoku:

Last season, the Cardinals -- who had never made a Super Bowl -- got there. This
season, the Lions -- who have never made a Super Bowl -- will get there. It's
not delusion; it's destiny.

Ask The Slouch

 Q. How come so many Super Bowl heroes -- Timmy Smith, Larry Brown, David Tyree,
et al -- are NFL busts evermore? (Cynthia Cole; Carmel, Ind.)

A. It's like I tell my step kids -- one day you're catching a ball against the
top of your helmet for the greatest moment in Super Bowl history, the next day
you're sitting on your butt in a Jersey diner ordering a cheeseburger deluxe
hold the pickles.

Q. You're a reasonable man -- how come I've never heard you pillory Chad Johnson
for becoming Chad Ochocinco? (David Black; Spokane, Wash.)

A. In America, you are who you want to be. If the man is happier and healthier
as Chad Ochocinco, so be it. Whatever works, sir -- for instance, LL Cool J
originally, I believe, was LL Grabilovitch J.

Q. Should the Steelers' record sixth Super Bowl title have an asterisk since Tom
Brady was out all season? (David Treat; Pittsburgh)

A. Pay the man, Shirley.

You, too, can enter the $1.25 Ask The Slouch Cash Giveaway. Just e-mail
asktheslouch@aol.com and, if your question is used, you win $1.25 in cash!

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Rick Stewart -- Getty Images; With Daunte Culpepper injured,
rookie Matthew Stafford, above, is good to go.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             378 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     September 4, 2009 Friday 11:00 AM EST

Real Wheels

BYLINE: Warren Brown, Washington Post columnist, washingtonpost.com

SECTION: LIVEONLINE

LENGTH: 3425 words



HIGHLIGHT: Washington Post cars columnist Warren Brown was online Friday,
September 4, at 11 a.m. ET to discuss the auto industry and offer purchase
advice to readers. Brown has covered the cars industry for The Washington Post
since 1982.


Washington Post cars columnist Warren Brown was online Friday, September 4, at
11 a.m. ET to discuss the auto industry and offer purchase advice to readers.
Brown has covered the cars industry for The Washington Post since 1982.

The transcript follows.

____________________

Warren Brown: Good morning:

This Labor Day weekend will find many auto dealers short on inventory, but long
on a willingness to make new car deals. That seems contradictory. It isn't. Lots
of people drawn to the market during the recent Cash for Clunkers craze either
didn't have a qualifying vehicle to take advantage of that promotion, or they
couldn't find something they wanted. Now that maufacturers are cranking out new
inventory for 2010, consumer choice should improve. And there are lots of
dealers out there willing to do what is necessary to turn interested customers
into buyers. They're open for business.

_______________________

Reston, Va.: Warren,

Do you read anything into the report that neither GM nor Chrysler benefited very
much from the Cash for Clunkers program? Is their product that
inferior/undesirable, or is this backlash from government intervention?

Or is it something else entirely?

Warren Brown: What I read, Reston, is that the general media, including the
editoial page of The Washington Post, have it wrong again.

Yes, GM's August 2009 versus August 2008 sales were down 20 percent. But that
beats being down 34 percent to 40 percent, which is what GM was trending just
before filing for bankruptcy and shutting down most of its US production--just
BEFORE the Cash for Clunkers program was launched.

Also, the general media relies on a federal accounting of car sales, which
disaggregates vehicle platforms as if they are truly separate entities.

Industry accounting aggregates vehicle platforms. As a result, Ford and GM come
out better in the industry's accounting of what was sold, and what wasn't. For,
in fact, in the industry's accounting, appears to have had the highest CFash for
Clunkers sales.

_______________________

I need a truck: What's my best bet for a pick up? It's going to be used for
hauling so I don't care about an extended cab -- would  rather have bed room.
Are fuel efficiencies going to go up  with next year's models?

Warren Brown: Ford F-150 beats practically everything on the market in terms of
utility, durability. Fuel efficiency is a wash. GM and Chrysler also, I believe,
offer dual-mode hybrids. But, again, when it comes to trucks, I think Ford
F-Seris.

_______________________

Washington, D.C.: Some in my office have complained about how much "clunker"
money went to help Toyota.

I tried to remind them that the Camry is made in Kentucky, while the Ford Fusion
is made in Mexico.

If you like both cars equally well, which one would you buy? Would you care
which "worker" made it, vs. which "company" made it?

Warren Brown: You are right, Washington. It's a global car industry. Period.
Workers in Germany aren't thrilled that BMW and Mercedes-Benz models are being
made in the USA. US workers aren't happy that Fords are being made in Mexico.
Japanese workers aren't happy that Nissans are being made in Tennessee, or that
Toyota trucks are rolling out of plants in Texas. Tough luck. Blame it on
consumers, most of whom don't give a pahooty where something is made as long as
the quality is good and the price is right. Anyone doubting that should spend
this weekend shopping in any Wal-Mart. That should be proof enough.

_______________________

Cash for Clunkers: Warren, thank you for hosting this chat -- loved reading your
columns.

Is it too soon to look back on Cash for Clunkers and judge its effectiveness? I
think its biggest plus was that it brought people to lots and got people
thinking about new cars. As to it actually stimulating the industry (was it
really supposed to do that in the end? I've heard conflicting analyses), it may
have helped re-introduce customers to dealerships, but it's sounding like
dealers aren't getting the dividends promised- maybe just delayed by being
victims of their own success. Thoughts?

Warren Brown: Cash for Clunkers did what it was supposed to do--jumpstart
seriously stalled new-vehicle sales. It prompted the sales of 700,000 new
vehicles in a very short time. That's something. What Cash for Clunkers won't do
is reduce overall U.S. fuel consumption, which depends as much on consumer
behavior behind the wheel as it does on improvements in technical fuel
efficiency. And the anemic political will that spawned Cash for Clunkers is
non-existent in the matter of moderating consumer driving behavior.

Longterm stimulus?

There will be no quick fix because there can be no quick fix. We took years to
dig ourselves into this hole--lousy education system, a marauding sense of
entitlement, let-the-other-guy-do-it mentality, get-rich-quick schemes, no
forward thinking, a culture of mistaking "careers" for actual work. It'll take
years todig ourselves out.

_______________________

Cash for clunkers question: Some media (well, Fox News) portrayed the program as
benefiting Japanese car manufacturers more than American manufactuters like GM
and Chrysler. But Toyota, and other Asian car companies, are deeply intwined
with U.S. companies now. What percentage of Toyotas sold in the U.S. are made in
the U.S.? Ford seems to be doing pretty well right now, though no one seems to
be doing as well as Hyundai.

Warren Brown: Poor Fox News--more fox than news, I'm afraid. But not terribly
clever in analysis. The simple, irrevocable fact is that the automobile industry
is intrinsically global. Toyota is as big a player in the American communities
where it has plants as are Ford and GM. Without Germany, neither Britain nor
Italy would have much of a luxury car industry. Without GM, Germany's Opel would
have gone by the boards a long time ago. Without Ford, Jaguar never would have
been in position to become a viable company for sale to India's Tata. And that's
the way it is....

_______________________

Boston, Mass.: Okay seriously: does GM or Chrysler have a  vehicle on deck to
challenge the Corolla,  Civic, Focus class? A serious entry, not just  something
that critics say is very good, but  something that really captures the hearts
and  minds of consumers as being a compact should  be.

Warren Brown: Yes.

I'd run the new Chevrolet Malibu, tit for tat, against any Toyota Camry or Honda
Accord.

I'd run the new Chevrolet Equinox, the same way, against any Honda CR-V or
Toyota Rav-4.

I'd run the Buick LaCrosse against the Toyota Avalon and happily take the
Lacrosse in the offing.

Toyota has no trucks that beat anything from GM, Ford, or Chrysler.

And, quite frankly, the new Chevrolet Aveo makes as much sense and offers a much
better value than the Toyota Corolla or Honda Civic. Don't laugh at that idea.
Drive and compare.

I'd put the Chevrolet Cruze against the Focus and advise Ford and Mazda to start
worrying.

And while I'm at it, I'd launch the Cadillac CTS against everything else in the
entry-level luxury market.

The trouble with The Washington Post's editorial page is that the people working
on it no diddly about cars.

The trouble with GM is that, until recently, it knew diddly about marketing its
own very good, highly competitive products.

_______________________

Washington, D.C.: I disagree that C4C "jump started" car sales. That phrase
implies that it changed the trajectory. It seems to me that all we did was time
shift a bunch of car sales from the last third of 2009 to August. I talked to 9
people (friends, family and coworkers) who went C4C. Eight of them would have
bought new cars in the next six months without C4C and 2 deals fell apart, so by
that math sales are down because of C4C. One of the deal the guy is so upset by
how it was handled that he won't be back in a show room for another couple of
year (he already dropped the money to fix the trans)

Warren Brown: Jumpstarting and time-shifting sales aren't mutually contradictory
ideas. They are in fact complementary. But any way you look at it, 700,000 new
vehicle sales in the span of a couple of months is a lot. Will there be payback
in terms of future sales slumps? Of course. Will we soon see a return to annual
sales levels of 17-million units US?

Probably not. It matters not as long as car companies commit themselves to
product quality and profitability at reasonably sustainable--10 million units
annually--levels.

_______________________

Chantilly, Va.: Hi Warren, Next week I should be getting my '07 VW back from
K$11 $11K in insurance -- paid-for repairs (unibody, back suspension, body work,
etc.) and I've got two questions for you. Am I being silly to worry about
whether it is as safe post-repair as it was pre-crash, particularly for the kids
in the back where it was hit? Also, if I decide to replace it, what is a good
choice for a commuter car (15-30 miles each way) and
errands-with-baby-and-toddler vehicle. Would need to keep cost under 18-20K.

Warren Brown: Two things, Chantilly:

. Most insurance companies will tell you that no post-crash car can be restored
100-percent to pre-crash position reardless of repair costs. The woring in
insurance-speak refers to as close to possible restoration.

. I, too, rightly or not, would be worried about the resulting crash safety. So,
I'd probably sell the car to an adult with the appropriate warnings, hoping that
the buyer would drive it wisely.

. Then, I'd go out and buy a Jetta TDI.

_______________________

Washington, D.C.: Crossover Decision Time: Any big downsides to the Ford Escape
that should make me (re)consider the Toyota Rav4, Toyota Santa Fe or Subaru
Forrester instead? And re. the Escape -- 4 vs 6 cyl and 2009 vs 2010 model year?

Warren Brown: No.

Get the Escape Hybrid...if you can find one. Beats everything in its category.

_______________________

Anonymous: Warren Good Morning!

Can you explain why cars have gotten so heavy? Was reading a set of reviews of
cars of the 50s and the average weight of these land yachts was about 3,600
pounds. Now the new Taurus is nearing 4,300 Lbs. No wonder mileage stinks. Plus,
what is this thing about having 300+HP. I have a 91 Benz 300SE with 170 HP and
it get down the road just fine..

Warren Brown: We want today's cars to do everything:

. Haul at least five people and their stuff with maximum power and
fuel-efficiency;

. Protect us in crashes deemed not survivable several decades ago.

. Last forever, or as close to "forever" as possible.

. Be what most of us never were, nor can be in this life--100-percent reliable
100-percent of the time.

. Weigh less than we weighed in a youth free of concerns about safety,
responsibility, and all of that other baggage.

Does that answer your question?

_______________________

Washington, D.C.: hi Warren,

I tried to find your Facebook page where you mentioned the other week that you
were planning to answer more questions about cars, but was unable to narrow it
down from many other Warren Browns. :-) Do you know what identifying information
would be there? Or is it not set up yet?

Thanks!

Warren Brown: I'm learning Facebook. I'm way behind the curve. I promise to get
it going by Sept. 15. Quite frankly, for some reason, the whole idea of Facebook
intimidates the heck out of me. I had intervention from daughters Binta and
Kafi, and good friends Lou Ann Hammond and Holly Reich. I'm afraid I'm in need
of more intervention. I'm frozen on Facebook. I need a shrink!

_______________________

Tampa, Fla.: Did foreign manufacturers such as Daimler and BMW get an exemption
from the CAFE rules? If so, on what basis? If not, how will they alter their
U.S. product mix to comply with CAFE?

Warren Brown: Generally, Tampa, all car companies doing business in the US must
comply with CAFE. A few of them, I'm thinking Rolls-Roce, might have some sort
of CAFE exemption based on their minuscule sales numbers. But I'm not terribly
sure about that at this writing.

_______________________

re: Boston, Mass: To answer what Warren chose not to, Chrysler doesn't currently
have anything (nor in the distant future as well), but perhaps now that it's
under Fiat one can be optimistic about producing competitive models in the same
class as Civic, Corolla, etc. As for recommending the Aveo, I just rented one
and it provides numerous compelling reasons why GM failed as an automaker. It
certainly isn't in the same class as the Civic, that's a laughable proposition!

Warren Brown: Chrysler has the Neon, which, considering what is offered for the
price, is very good.

And the only person who would laugh at the Aveo is someone who hasn't driven a
popularly equipped model available in any Chevrolet showroom.

Rental fleets?

As I've said in this space many times, most rental feets offer crappy
versions--and the Americans have been egregious sinners in this regard--of
popularly equipped cars.

_______________________

D.C.: Hiya Warren. I understand that the car industry is a  global manufacturing
industry, and that  consumers have not-to-this-point cared where  a car is made
as long as it is of acceptable  quality and price. But isn't that the  problem?
Your analogy to WalMart is apt -- we  can buy shirts more cheaply than before,
but  your neighbor no longer has a decent paying  job in the textile mill.
Consumers demanded  cheaper shirts, so now his job is being done  in Singapore.
Similarly, the Ford line is no  longer in Michigan, but has moved to Mexico,
and the decent paying jobs have moved with  it. If you were president, what
would you do  to get this across to consumers? It seems  that there is a large
disconnect between our  wants and our understanding of the  ramifications of
these wants. Who in the  Obama administration or in the car industry  or in the
public eye can teach us these  things?

Warren Brown: And that, DC, is the point exactly.

_______________________

Woodbridge Va: Warren -- What do you think of the comments from Audi's president
regarding the VOLT? Is he right?

"No one is going to pay a $15,000 premium for a car that competes with a
(Toyota) Corolla...They're for the intellectual elite who want to show what
enlightened souls they are...so there are not enough idiots who will buy it."

Warren Brown: Pretty much.

_______________________

Silver Spring, Md.: Warren, I love the convertible Saab 9-3. Would it be foolish
to buy one now? Would the savings in price offset any potential warranty or
repair issues? Thanks a million!

Warren Brown: The Saab 9-3 you buy today will be backed by GM, Saab or some
monied successor tomorrow. I'd buy it and not worry. There'll always be someone
around to take care of it.

_______________________

Clifton, Va.: D.C. don't forget to check out the Honda CRV and please do not
laugh for slightly more bucks in a vehicle that is reliable as the Chevy or
Escape check out the Land Rover LR 2.

Warren Brown: Good point, Clifton. I keep forgetting about the LR2.

_______________________

Silver Spring, Md.: More Cash for Clunkers The whole foreign/domestic brand
question comes up in the CARS news stories. Aren't all cars required to have a
"domestic content" sticker on the window? Do you know if there was any
discussion of limiting the CARS program to vehicles with more than a certain
percent of domestic content?

Here's the Cars.com rank of best-selling vehicles with 75 percent or more
domestic content The Cars.com American-Made Index

Do you think any carmakers will be interested in the NUMMI plant in Fremont?

Warren Brown: Yes, Silver Spring, all new cars have a content source notation on
their Monroney window labels. As for New United Motor Manufacturing Inc., I'l
guess we'll have to see what Toyota decides...whether it wants to keep the plant
going after kiking GM out.

_______________________

Baltimore, Md.,: The pragmatic side of Cash for Clunkers: What convinced me that
it was a good idea was when Oklahoma Sen. Tom Coburn, as far to the right as any
member of Congress, made a speech denouncing the program then added at the end,
in a very mild tone of voice, "But I am hearing from a lot of car dealers in my
state who like it." You can argue about "timeshifting" all you want, but many
car dealers were literally drowning in unsold inventory and needed immediate
help. Need I add, car dealers tend to be Republicans.

Warren Brown: Ha, Baltimore! I love car dealers, truly love them! And what I
love most about them is that they are first and foremost car dealers--not
Democrats, not Republicans, not Independents or Socialists--but car dealers, the
essential entrepreneurs, probably the most honest species on Earth.

_______________________

Chantilly, Va.: Warren- I will be looking for a SUV with third row seating and
reasonable gas mileage. What do you recommend in this category?

Warren Brown: I recommend forgetting the third-row seating unless you are
getting something like a large crossover or minivan. In that regard, you are
looking at things such as the Ford Flex, Buick Enclave, Chevrolet Traverse.
Smaller crossovers, suh as the Honda CR-V, might stick a flip-up third-row seat
in the back. But those seats are too close to rear hatches and rear-collision
injuries for my comfort.

_______________________

Washington, D.C.: I would take a windshield survey myself but I never see this
car on the road around here. I keep hearing that the Volkswagon EOS is a girl's
car. Is that true? Are there any statistics on ownership of this car. It's a
good looking car and much more sleek than the old Cabrio.

Warren Brown: A girl's car? I don't know what that is. I love the Eos
convertible. It's pretty, easy to use, fun to drive. Some of my friends who are
women own one. Some of my friends who are men own a few, too. Just a nice
Volkswagen convertible.

_______________________

Huntsville, Ala.: Warren, thanks for taking my question. My husband's
10-year-old Volvo S80 is nearing the end of its life -- repairs possible but
expensive (for us). He wants me to get a new Kia "something" because of the
warranty. I've always wanted a VW, Jetta or Passat. Price is an object but so is
reliability and repair cost. Any thoughts? We're empty nesters, no kids, rarely
travel.

Warren Brown: The Forte, Huntsville. The Kia Forte--darned good little car,
excellent value.

_______________________

Facebook: During your August 28 discussion, you mentioned your Facebook page,
where you'll be answering "leftover" questions.

Unfortunately, when I search for Warren Brown on Facebook, I get over 500
results. If I had your email address, I could get directly to the correct Warren
Brown, but I don't, so...

Please, in the next discussion, let us know the address of your Facebook page or
the email address under which it's registered.

Thank you!

Warren Brown: Okay, that does it. I will recommit myself to this Facebook idea
and try to get it going over the weekend. Why m I so afraid of this? I don't
know. Facebook, here I come...i hope.

_______________________

Bethesda, Md.: Warren, What advice would you give to someone who has an interest
in the Audi A4 but has only driven Hondas and Toyotas their whole life? Test
drive showed that driving this car is not like the predecessors, i.e., steering
felt harder, accelerator rigid, doors heavy...Comparatively, that is. What else
should one be ready for or know about in terms of big differences? thank you

Warren Brown: Welcome to driving, Bethesda. Welcome to driving. Here's betting
that after six months in an A4, you won't want to drive anything less.

_______________________

re Boston, Mass.: I think you meant to write that Chrysler has the Caliber and
not the Neon. Don't get me wrong Warren, I want American car manufacturers to
succeed as much as you do, but until they give the attention and care to small
cars like the Japanese, Europeans and now Koreans they'll be wasting our money
and their significant design talents elsewhere.

Warren Brown: Yes, the Caliber. And it's not at all a matter of caring whether
something is American, or isn't. Not my concern at all. It's what's fair. And
what's fair is a fair evaluation of metal versus metal. In that regard, my
assessment is that American car companies are winning some, losing some, and not
anywhere near as bad as critics claim.

_______________________

Warren Brown: Thank you for joining us today. Please come back next week. Okay,
I'll try the Facebook thing. EEEeeee....

Eat lunch, Ria.

_______________________

Editor's Note: washingtonpost.com moderators retain editorial control over
Discussions and choose the most relevant questions for guests and hosts; guests
and hosts can decline to answer questions. washingtonpost.com is not responsible
for any content posted by third parties.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2009 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             379 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 3, 2009 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

Marketers Carve Niche on Twitter

BYLINE: Heather Lalley; Associated Press

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C04

LENGTH: 819 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


People around the world interact with Alecia Dantico all day. Usually, though,
they don't know whether she's young or old, male or female.

What her followers on Facebook and Twitter know is that's she's a friendly,
sometimes sassy, blue-and-gold tin of Garrett Popcorn. That's the icon of the
popular Chicago-based snack food that has tourists and locals lining up around
the block at locations here and in New York City.

And when Dantico sends out a "virtual tin" of popcorn to a fan over Twitter,
she's breaking new ground in the way companies market themselves, joining a
growing number of social media experts hired to staff Twitter, Facebook and
similar sites.

"My day starts on Twitter and it doesn't really end," Dantico says. She keeps
her BlackBerry on at all hours to respond to followers in different time zones.
"It's driving my family crazy, but that's okay." Best Buy riled up the
social-media world earlier this summer with a job posting for a senior manager
of emerging media marketing. One of the job requirements, as originally posted,
called for applicants to have more than 250 followers on Twitter.

When that caused an online backlash, the electronics retailer opened the process
of crafting a job description to the public, generating a huge response.

Multinational corporations, such as Ford Motor and Coca-Cola, are beginning to
use social media to increase positive sentiment, build customer rapport and
correct misinformation, says Adam Brown, Coca-Cola's Atlanta-based director of
social media.

"Having the world's most-recognized brand, we feel like there's an obligation or
a responsibility when people are talking about us, we have a duty to respond,"
Brown says.

Dantico, who is getting a doctorate in communications with an emphasis in
building brand identity in online communities, says she has seen an uptick in
sales when she's tweeted from events since joining the company in June.

"I really believe in the power of conversation in social media," she says. "Some
days we talk about the weather. Some days we talk about the 'Chicken Dance.'
Some days we talk about recipes and parties and shipping Garretts to Cabo for a
wedding." She mentions popcorn in her tweets, and has helped customers secure
tins for special events, but never implores followers to go out and buy some.
Successful selling through social media is much more subtle.

"Social media is all about being social," says Nora Ganim Barnes, a marketing
professor and director for the Center for Marketing Research at the University
of Massachusetts Dartmouth. "It's not called selling media. The biggest mistake
companies make is using social media to hawk products. It's a turnoff." Large
Fortune 500 companies have been the slowest to adopt social media strategies,
Ganim Barnes says. But  nonprofit organizations have been the fastest.

"It's free," she says. "And they've never had such access to media before."
Recent research by Ganim Barnes and colleagues, though, points to a rapidly
growing familiarity with social media, even among the world's biggest brands.

"It's bigger than Twitter, MySpace, Facebook or blogs," she says. "It's about
engaging people."

The lightning-fast pace of social media, and Twitter in particular, has forced
businesses to act in a whole new way,  Brown says. "If you don't respond within
three or four hours, you might as well not respond at all," he says.

For example, a man on Twitter recently expressed annoyance at his difficulty in
claiming an all-expenses-paid trip he'd won through the My Coke Rewards program.
He tweeted, "Coca-Cola, bring down your drawbridge," Brown recalls. Within about
a half an hour, Brown had engaged the customer on Twitter, got on the phone with
him and resolved the problem.

Not long after, the man changed his Twitter avatar to a can of Coke Zero.

Like Brown, Scott Monty is working to create a social-media strategy for his
company, Ford Motor, where he serves as digital and multimedia communications
manager in Dearborn, Mich.

"The beautiful thing about sites like Twitter and Facebook is that it's a
one-to-one conversation," Monty says. "You're addressing whoever wrote the
original comment. But you're doing it in the public square." Whether your
business is large or small, Monty advises those interested in expanding to
social media to stand back and listen before diving in.

"It's not the typical one-way push kind of conversation," Monty says. "You
wouldn't burst into a cocktail party and just start handing your business card
to people and leave. The online space is no different." Dantico says she
responds every time someone mentions  Garrett Popcorn on Twitter, whether it's
positive or negative. And if one of her followers posts about having a bad day,
it's not unusual for Garrett Popcorn to send  something to brighten the day.

"The conversations were already happening," she says. "My job was just to join
them. This is the best job in the world."

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Courtesy Alecia Dantico Via Associated Press; Alecia Dantico, a
professional tweeter for Garrett Popcorn.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             380 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 2, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Ford Surged as GM Swooned in August;
'Clunkers' Boosted Overall Car Sales, So a Fallback Is Expected This Month

BYLINE: Dana Hedgpeth; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 607 words


Automakers posted mixed results for U.S. sales in August as some received a
bigger lift than others from the federal government's popular "Cash for
Clunkers" trade-in program.

Ford said its U.S. sales of light vehicles were up 17 percent over last August,
according to figures compiled by the research firm Autodata. Honda also showed
an increase, with its U.S. sales up 9.9 percent, to 161,439. Toyota's sales rose
6.4 percent, to 225,088, as its Corolla and other sedans were popular sellers in
the clunker program.

And Hyundai's U.S. results hit a record in the month, with sales up 47 percent
from the previous year, to 60,467. The Korean maker has been pushing to expand
its U.S. market share, and its cars also were popular in the clunker rebate
program.

But not all automakers fared as well.

General Motors, the largest U.S. carmaker, posted a 19.9 percent decline in its
car and light-truck sales, to 245,066, Autodata said. And Chrysler's August
sales fell 15.4 percent to 93,222 units, because of a lack of inventory that
hindered purchases of its more fuel-efficient vehicles. Chrysler, however,
improved its month-to-month sales, which rose 5 percent from July.

Overall, U.S. sales rose 1 percent in August from August 2008 -- the first
year-over-year sales increase since October 2007. Industry-wide sales totaled
1.26 million units, topping the 1 million mark for the first time since last
August, but analysts cautioned that those gains are expected to be short-lived.

Auto industry analysts said every carmaker benefited from the Cash for Clunkers
incentive, which allowed consumers to turn in their gas guzzlers for a voucher
worth up to $4,500 toward the purchase of a new, more fuel-efficient vehicle.
The $3 billion effort spurred nearly 700,000 new sales. Many carmakers have said
they plan to raise their production levels to replenish inventories depleted
during  the program.

"We're looking at August as being the best-performing month by far this year,"
said Jeremy Anwyl, chief executive of Edmunds.com, an auto industry research
company. "It was going to be an okay month, but then you put Cash for Clunkers
on top of it, and it went crazy for a while."

He said that since the program ended last week, sales have plummeted for many
carmakers.

"You're going to go from August being the best month of the year to September
possibly being the worst," he said, as consumers who were planning to buy a car
later this fall may have already made their purchase under the clunker program.
"Those would-be sales occurred in August."

Ford has been performing better than GM and Chrysler, which both filed for
bankruptcy protection and went through major restructurings with government
funds. Ford said it sold 176,000 cars and light trucks in August, compared with
150,448 vehicles a year earlier. Ford's Focus and Escape hit sales records for
August and were up 56 percent and 49 percent, respectively. They were two of the
top eight vehicles purchased under the clunkers program.

Jim Gillette, an auto industry analyst at CSM Worldwide, said Hyundai was the
"real Cinderella story" in the August sales numbers and in the clunker program.
"They've absolutely surged," he said. "They had fuel-efficient cars, a great
warranty program and they obviously had sufficient inventory on the lot."

He said Chrysler's performance was "ironic because that was one of the companies
we were trying to help with Cash for Clunkers." But because Chrysler's inventory
was low from being shut down for several months this spring during its
bankruptcy reorganization, the company did not having enough vehicles to meet
the demand from the rebate program.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             381 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     September 1, 2009 Tuesday 10:26 AM EST

GM, Chrysler August Sales Down, but Ford, Toyota Up

BYLINE: Frank Ahrens, Washington Post Staff Writer, washingtonpost.com

LENGTH: 311 words



HIGHLIGHT: Ford said August vehicle sales were up 17 percent compared to August
of 2008, juiced by the government's cash-for-clunkers program.


Ford said August vehicle sales were up 17 percent compared to August of 2008,
juiced by the government's cash-for-clunkers program.

Toyota reported moments ago that its August sales were up 10.5 percent compared
to August of last year, as it benefited heavily from the clunkers program, as
well.

(Note: The Ticker originally reported that Ford sales were up 21.2 percent in
August, but that figure did not include Ford's fleet sales for the month, which
were way off. Ford led its sales-figure release with the non-fleet number,
obviously, because it's the more favorable one. We call out that sneakiness
here.)

General Motors' year-over-year sales numbers were down 20.2 percent, but GM
sales soared 30 percent from July to August, thanks to the clunkers program.

Chrysler's August sales slumped, on the other hand, which makes one wonder how
bad they would have been without cash-for-clunkers.

Chrysler was down 15.4 percent compared to the same period of last year.

At the same time, Chrysler's August sales were up 5 percent compared to July, so
that's something. The company blamed a lack of inventory for slow sales.

Ford vehicles were the only representatives from the Big Three on the list of
Top 10 cars purchased under the cash-for-clunkers program, a list dominated by
Japanese automakers.

Ford is the only of the Big Three to turn down federal bailout money and to make
it through the financial crisis without declaring bankruptcy.

It's worth noting also that in Japan, August auto sales rose for the first time
in 13 months on a year-over-year basis.

Other automakers' August results:

-- Hyundai looks like the biggest cash-for-clunkers winner so far. The Korean
automaker's August sales surged 47 percent compared to August of 2008.

-- Nissan was down 2.9 percent in August compared to last year.

-- Volkswagen was up 11.4 percent.

-- Daimler was down 10.5 percent.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2009 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 30, 2009 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Nuts & Bolts;
2010 Ford Mustang Premium V-6 Convertible

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 331 words


The bottom line: The 2010 Mustang Premium V-6 convertible is an affordable
fantasy car gifted with some utility, as represented by usable rear seats. It is
slightly more fuel efficient but decidedly less prestigious than the Mustang GT
V-8.

Complaints: That V-6 engine remains a bit of a gas hog. I averaged 21 miles per
gallon, combined city and highway. I know Ford can do better. When do we get an
EcoBoost Mustang, Ford?

Ride, acceleration, handling: Ride is excellent, thanks to some improved
suspension work in the 2010 Mustang. Handling gets good marks, too. Acceleration
is adequate.

Body style/layout: The 2010 Mustang convertible is a mid-size, front-engine,
rear-wheel-drive car with a semi-automatic (manually operated headliner latches)
vinyl convertible top and seats for four people.

Head-turning quotient: It's a Mustang. But you'll get more attention in the
Mustang GT.

Engine/transmission: The model driven for this column was equipped with a
4-liter V-6 engine that develops 210 hp at 5,300 rpm and 240 ft-lbs of torque at
3,500 rpm. It was linked to an optional five-speed automatic transmission. A
five-speed manual gearbox is standard.

Capacities: There are seats for four people. Luggage capacity is 10 cubic feet.
The fuel tank holds 16 gallons of recommended regular unleaded gasoline.

Mileage: An unimpressive 16 mpg city and 24 mpg highway.

Safety: Standard equipment includes front and rear ventilated disc brakes,
electronic stability and traction control, side air bags.

Price: Base price on the 2010 Ford Mustang Premium V-6 is $28,995. Dealer's
invoice price on that model is $26,671. Price as tested is $30,840, including
$995 for the five-speed automatic transmission and an $850 destination charge.
Dealer's price as tested is $28,387. A $1,000 consumer rebate is available.
Prices are sourced from Ford, Edmunds.com and Cars.com, an affiliate of The
Washington Post.

Purse-strings note: Compare with BMW 1-Series, Chevrolet Camaro, Infiniti G37
and Volvo C70.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             383 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 29, 2009 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

August Auto Sales Up for a Change? We'll Know Soon

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 234 words


New vehicle sales in August probably did something they haven't done in a long
time: increase compared with the previous year, auto industry executives said
Friday, crediting the government's popular "Cash for Clunkers" program.

The results of the program -- which encouraged drivers to trade in gas guzzlers
by offering rebates on new, more fuel-efficient vehicles -- will come into clear
view on Tuesday, when automakers are scheduled to report monthly sales. Many
analysts are forecasting a year-over-year increase.

Retail sales at Ford in August have already surpassed last year's levels with a
weekend still to go, said Mark Fields, Ford's president of the Americas. In
July, Ford's sales rose 2.4 percent.

Rival GM is also seeing an increase. General Motors Vice President Brent Dewar
said the automaker is projecting U.S. sales of 10.5 million vehicles for 2009
and 12.5 million in 2010 as consumer confidence improves.

Cash for Clunkers drew hordes of buyers, spurring 690,114 new sales at a
taxpayer cost of $2.88 billion, according to the Department of Transportation.

Fields estimated about 30 to 40 percent of its clunkers sales were "truly
incremental," meaning that they came from consumers who had no plans previously
to buy a car. The rest, he said, came from people who were going to buy a car
later on.

Now that the program is over, sales are expected to slow, Dewar said.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             384 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 28, 2009 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Business Digest

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 494 words


AUTOMOTIVE

In a First, Toyota To Close a Factory

Toyota will shut a California auto-assembly plant that operated as a joint
venture with General Motors for 25 years, the first time Japan's largest
carmaker has closed a factory at home or abroad.

New United Motor Manufacturing Inc. in Fremont, Calif., will end production of
Corolla cars and Tacoma pickups in March 2010, Toyota said in a statement.

GM in June said it would end assembly of Pontiac Vibes at the plant, known as
Nummi, and quit the venture as part of its reorganization.

A collapse in U.S. auto sales has left Toyota struggling to keep its North
American plants running at capacity. Nummi employs 5,400 people, including 4,550
United Auto Workers union positions.

-- Bloomberg News

Ford Adding Shifts In Michigan, Missouri

 Ford Motor says it will add a third shift to production plants in Michigan and
Missouri to meet increased demand for its F-150 trucks and Escape crossover
vehicles.

The moves offer specifics about Ford's plan to increase production of cars and
trucks in the fourth quarter by 33 percent over 2008 levels, to a total of
570,000 vehicles.

-- Associated Press

 ELECTRONICS

Microsoft to Cut Price Of High-End Xbox 360

Microsoft said it is slashing the price of its top-of-the-line Xbox 360 console
by $100, matching Sony's $100 price cut for the PlayStation 3 last week. Now,
both the Xbox 360 Elite and the PS3 will cost $299. The price cuts in both cases
are worldwide, though the exact amounts vary by region.

-- Associated Press

TRANSPORTATION

Boeing Sets Flight Test For Its Delayed 787

 Boeing says its 787 aircraft will be ready for its first test flight by the end
of this year and its initial delivery by the end of next year, sending its
shares higher as it gives some clarity to a program that has been delayed five
times.

Boeing originally scheduled the 787's first test for the fall of 2007. But
production problems have forced the company to postpone trial flights. The first
delivery to Japan's All Nippon Airways is now more than two years behind its
original schedule.

Shares of Boeing rose $4.00, or 8.4 percent, to $51.82.

-- Associated Press

EARNINGS

Dell's profit fell 23 percent in its fiscal second quarter as the
personal-computer industry's slump dragged on this summer. The results beat Wall
Street's forecast, however, sending the shares up more than 6 percent. Dell said
profit for the three months ended July 31 was $472 million. Sales fell 22
percent, to $12.8 billion.

-- Associated Press

Toll Brothers, a luxury home builder, lost $472.3 million in its fiscal third
quarter ended July 31, as it took a large tax hit and sold homes at a discount
to clear inventory. That compares with a third-quarter loss of $29.3 million a
year ago. Toll took a $439.4 million non-cash deferred tax allowance and
write-downs totaling $115 million in the quarter. Excluding those charges, the
company would have earned $3.7 million in the most recent quarter.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             385 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 27, 2009 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

'Clunkers' Generates 690,000 Sales;
Toyota Is Leader As Program Ends

BYLINE: Frank Ahrens; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 545 words


The federal government's month-long "Cash for Clunkers" program ended after
having spent almost the entire $3 billion allotted and putting 690,114 new, more
fuel-efficient cars on the road, the Transportation Department said Wednesday.

Car buyers in the District, Maryland and Virginia were responsible for $174
million of the total sum, with the vast majority from Maryland and Virginia,
according to government figures. Only 15 Cash for Clunkers transactions took
place in the District -- fewer , by far, than in any state and probably
attributable to the small number of auto dealers in the nation's capital.

One auto analyst called the program a success, if only because his research
showed that it was responsible for saving 39,000 jobs that otherwise would have
been eliminated.

"It's really more substantial than we had thought in terms of stimulus," said
David Cole, chairman of the Center for Automotive Research. "This is companies
putting people back to work."

General Motors announced last week that it will reinstate 1,350 workers and add
overtime for about 10,000 at three plants, as the automaker replenishes
inventory sold during the government program. Honda also said it will increase
U.S. production.

The other big winners in the program were Asian automakers. Eight of the top 10
new cars purchased through the program came from Honda, Hyundai, Nissan and
Toyota, which claimed the top spot with its Corolla. The Corolla, Honda Civic
and Ford Focus are manufactured in the United States.

The only vehicles produced by U.S. automakers in the top 10 were the Ford Escape
and Focus.

By contrast, all of the top 10 clunkers turned in were made by a Detroit
company, with the four-wheel-drive Ford Explorer SUV, Ford F-150 pickup and the
four-wheel-drive Jeep Grand Cherokee taking the top three spots.

Even though no General Motors vehicle cracked the top 10 of best-sellers, GM's
sales volume was strong, finishing second behind Toyota with 17.6 percent of all
new vehicles sold.

The new cars average about 9 miles per gallon better than the clunkers they
replaced, the Transportation Department said.

"Moribund showrooms were brought back to life and consumers bought
fuel-efficient cars that will save them money and improve the environment,"
Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in a statement Wednesday.

Under the program, car buyers were eligible for a federal government credit
worth up to $4,500 toward the purchase of a new qualifying vehicle.

What's unclear is whether the clunkers program will be responsible for an
overall increase in auto sales in the coming years, or if it merely pulled
forward sales that consumers already planned to make in the future, resulting in
no net gain for auto sales over the long run.

The program, which had been a part of the original stimulus bill earlier this
year but was deleted before final passage, was so popular that it required an
additional $2 billion in funding after it was underway.

Potential buyers could take advantage of the program until 8 p.m. Monday, but
the government was forced to twice extend the deadline for dealers to submit
paperwork. Some dealers complained about the program, saying they were not being
reimbursed by the government quickly enough. Some set up their own, privately
run deals.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By James A. Parcell For The Washington Post; Most autos turned
in as part of "Cash for Clunkers" were made by a Detroit firm, while most bought
through the program were from an Asian automaker.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             386 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 23, 2009 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Nuts & Bolts;
2010 Ford Taurus Limited

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 360 words


The bottom line: Ford's Taurus is once again a contender in the market for
large, premium family sedans.

Complaint: Optional push-button controls on the Taurus sedan's center console
can start the engine or release the trunk lid. They are identical in shape and
color. Several drivers of the test car (I'm guilty) more than once opened the
trunk when intending to start the engine.

Ride, acceleration and handling: It gets excellent marks in all three.

Head-turning quotient: Classy, conservative, but with a hint of sass.

Body style/layout: The 2010 Ford Taurus is a full-size, front-engine family
sedan available with front-wheel-drive or all-wheel-drive and sold in four basic
iterations -- SE, SEL, Limited and top-of-the-line SHO.

Engines/transmission: The standard 3.5-liter, 24-valve, V-6 engine develops 263
horsepower at 6,250 rpm and 249 foot-pounds of torque at 4,500 rpm. It is linked
to a six-speed transmission that can be shifted automatically or manually. The
SHO gets a twin-turbocharged version of that engine  that develops 365 hp and
350 ft-lbs of torque.

Capacities: There are seats for five people. Luggage capacity is a generous 20.1
cubic feet. Fuel capacity is 19 gallons of recommended regular unleaded.

Mileage: You get 17 miles per gallon city, 25 mpg highway. All-wheel-drive
usually consumes more fuel than two-wheel-drive.

Technical highlights: All of that flying truck gravel and hardly a bit of
chipped paint! The specially engineered anti-chip paint on the new Taurus seems
to work.

Safety: Standard equipment includes four-wheel disc brakes, antilock brakes;
electronic stability and traction control; and side and head air bags.

Price: The base price on the 2010 Ford Taurus Limited with all-wheel-drive is
$33,020. Dealer's invoice price on that model is $30,308. Price as tested is
$38,935, including $5,090 in options  and an $825 destination charge. Dealer's
price as tested is $35,562. There is a $1,000 consumer's rebate. Prices sourced
from Ford, Edmunds.com and Cars.com, an affiliate of The Washington Post.

Purse-strings note: Compare with Audi A6, Buick La Crosse, Hyundai Genesis,
Lexus ES 350, Toyota Avalon and Volkswagen CC.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             387 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 23, 2009 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Remade Sedan Bespeaks Excellence, Safety

BYLINE: Warren Brown; Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 620 words


It is midnight in the midst of what, for me, is an unnerving ritual:

Heavy trucks nesting alongside Interstate 81 shift into drive. One by one, they
enter the road shoving large volumes of air with their massive bodies, flinging
gravel and rocks from  whining tires.

The trucks carry goods that feed our economy. It would be hard living without
them. But living with them on a midnight highway is scary when all I'm trying to
do is get home.

It helps in such moments to be behind the wheel of a car you believe in, one
that feels solid, safe, comfortable and substantially more than competent. That
means it's also fast -- get-out-of-the-way fast, the kind of fast more designed
to avoid collisions than it is to win races, a kind of strategic acceleration
bountifully available in this week's subject automobile, the 2010 Ford Taurus
Limited.

Late-night, long-distance driving is a matter of triage. If you're on a highway
bordered by reasonably located service stations, you don't worry so much about
running out of fuel. Instead, your main concerns become power and agility.

Can the car move when called upon to do so? Can it dodge that flying piece of
poorly re-treaded tire thrown from an 18-wheeler?

The new Taurus answered those questions in the affirmative -- and did so
repeatedly on a long drive through Virginia. It is a car much different from the
Taurus introduced in 1986.

The new model is full-size and boxy versus the original, jelly-bean-shaped car's
midsize proportions; and the 2010 version is far more accomplished in terms of
overall performance and presentation than the 2009 model it replaces.

That's saying something. The Taurus born in 1986 set precedents for automobile
design, primarily for family sedans, throughout the 1990s. But its imitators
soon became its superiors and left it in the dust.

Ford's first response to the Taurus brand's loss of status was to kill the brand
altogether, beginning with the 2007 model year. But that decision was reversed
shortly after the arrival of Ford's current president and chief executive, Alan
R. Mulally.

Mulally argued that the only thing wrong with the brand was what Ford had done
to the Taurus, which essentially was to neglect its further technical and
performance development in favor of cheap cosmetic spiffs.

Under Mulally's tutelage, Ford polished up a so-so, full-size Ford Five Hundred
sedan and reintroduced it as the 2009 Taurus, with promises of better Taurus
automobiles to come. The 2010 Taurus fulfills that promise. It is a premium car
minus pretense -- and absent premium price in all versions except the
top-of-the-line Taurus SHO (Super High Output).

Buyers who choose the popularly equipped Taurus Limited model driven for this
column will be able to live with that. With a base price below $34,000, the Ford
sedan offers almost as much power, and just as much comfort and safety, as the
Audi 3.0 A6 Quattro for $16,000 less.

Purists and devotees of automobile-buff books might scoff at that. The 3.0 Audi
A6 Quattro delivers a maximum 300 horsepower compared with the 263 horsepower
offered by the Taurus Limited. But at the end of a long highway dance in which
the Ford nimbly and swiftly moved around those big trucks, that 37-horsepower
difference hardly seemed to matter.

I got home safely and drove with perfect confidence, comfort and safety -- doing
it all in an appealingly well-made, attractively priced (in comparison with
competitors) automobile.

Mileage was not great at a combined 20 miles per gallon (17 miles per gallon
city/25 mpg highway). But it was competitive (a combined 21 mpg for the Audi 3.0
A6 Quattro, for example). It helped that the Ford drank regular unleaded fuel,
instead of the premium stuff demanded by the Audi.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Sam Varnhagen -- Wieck Media

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             388 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      August 18, 2009 Tuesday 5:15 PM EST

GM Announces First Production Hike, Worker Rehire Since Bankruptcy

BYLINE: Peter Whoriskey, Washington Post Staff Writer, washingtonpost.com

LENGTH: 220 words



HIGHLIGHT: For the first time since the company filed for bankruptcy, General
Motors is hiring back workers and adding overtime to meet higher-than-expected
demand for cars and trucks.


For the first time since the company filed for bankruptcy, General Motors is
hiring back workers and adding overtime to meet higher-than-expected demand for
cars and trucks.

The company will reinstate 1,350 workers and add overtime for about another
10,000, the result of a broad surge in sales at least partly due to the
government's "Cash for Clunkers" incentive program.

The rehires represent only a small portion of the tens of thousands of GM
workers who have been laid off in recent years, but the news is a marked
turnaround from just months ago when the company was undergoing bankruptcy
proceedings.

"We're running much hotter," Mark LaNeve, GM's vice president of U.S. sales,
said in a conference call moments ago.

Most of the jobs will be added at the company's Lordstown, Ohio, plant, where
the Chevy Cobalt, a small car that looks like this, is built, while others will
be added in Ontario.

The news from GM follows Ford's announcement last week that it too is boosting
North American production to meet the increased demand spurred by the $3 billion
Cash for Clunkers program.

Ford said its third quarter output would rise by 10,000 vehicles to 495,000,
primarily due to increased demand for Escape small utility vehicles and Focus
small cars, the two most popular Ford vehicles under the federal incentive
program.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2009 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             389 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 14, 2009 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Business Digest

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 425 words


BANKING

CIT Group Agrees to More Fed Oversight

CIT Group and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York announced an agreement giving
the central bank greater oversight of the troubled commercial lender. CIT must
give the Fed a written plan by Aug. 28 detailing, among other things, its
current and future capital requirements and how it would meet them.

The plan also calls for a description of any asset sales or restructuring that
CIT might be planning to strengthen its balance sheet. The agreement requires
the government to provide written approval of any dividends, distributions,
stock purchases or new debt by CIT.

New York-based CIT, one of the nation's largest lenders to small and midsize
businesses, has been facing a worsening liquidity crisis as its customers draw
down credit lines in the fear that they might disappear.

-- Associated Press

AUTOMOTIVE

Ford to Boost Output To Meet Demand

Ford Motor, benefiting from the Obama administration's "Cash for Clunkers"
program, said it is boosting factory output by 26 percent in the second half to
meet the increased demand.

Ford, the only major U.S. automaker to avoid bankruptcy reorganization, is
raising North American production by 18 percent in the third quarter to 495,000
cars and trucks.

Fourth-quarter output will climb 33 percent.

-- Bloomberg News

CORPORATE

Bailed-Out Firms Cut Lobbying Costs

Citigroup, General Motors and four other rescued firms subject to federal pay
reviews have cut lobbying costs 37 percent so far this year as pressure mounts
from Congress and the public to rein in outsize bonuses, records show.

Spending by the companies fell to $14.2 million in the first half, from $22.7
million a year earlier, according to quarterly reports filed with Congress. The
companies said they lobbied on such issues as bonus limits, the bailout,
mortgage legislation and environmental issues.

-- Bloomberg News

RECALLS

Little Tikes Recalls Toy Workshops, Trucks

Little Tikes is recalling about 1.6 million toy workshops and trucks after an
11-month-old boy got a plastic nail lodged in his throat.

The recall includes toys sold online and at retailers between March 1994 and
June 2009 with red or blue plastic toy nails that are about 3  1/4  inches long.
For details on how to receive free replacement nails, call 800-791-2737.

-- Associated Press

EARNINGS

Kohl's Profit Declines

Department store operator Kohl's profit for the three months ended Aug. 1
declined 3 percent, to $229 million, from $236 million a year earlier. Sales
increased 2 percent, to $3.81 billion.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             390 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 9, 2009 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Met 2 Edition

Motorcyclist Killed in Crash; Last Day for Sales Tax Break; Woman Found Dead in
Southeast; Smoke Closes Metro Station; Peanut-Free Baseball Event Set

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 402 words

VIRGINIA

Motorcyclist Killed in Crash

 A motorcyclist died after striking the back of a dump truck on the Capital
Beltway early Saturday.

Police said Christopher Myles Ford, 32, of Gainesville  was killed about  3 a.m.
as he and another motorcyclist were traveling at high speed near the Springfield
interchange.

Ford was thrown from his motorcycle and struck by another vehicle, police said.

-- Keith L. Alexander

Last Day for Sales Tax Break

 Virginians are saving  money this weekend during the state's annual
back-to-school tax holiday.  Shoppers at retail stores statewide are  exempt
from the 5 percent sales tax on school supplies priced up to $20 per item and
clothes and shoes priced up to $100.

The tax holiday started Friday and ends Sunday.  The Virginia Department of
Taxation expects shoppers to save $4 million this year.

-- Associated Press

MARYLAND

Crash of Small Plane Kills 2

Two Anne Arundel County residents were killed Saturday in the crash of a small
airplane in Carroll County, state police said. Police identified them as Robert
H. Kociemba, 61, of Davidsonville and Letty Williams, 66, of Edgewater. The
crash occurred shortly after takeoff of the two-seat airplane Kociemba was
believed to be flying, police said.

-- Martin Weil

THE DISTRICT

Woman Found Dead in Southeast

 The body of a woman was found Friday evening in the 3200 block of M Street SE,
and the D.C. police homicide unit was sent to the scene.

-- Keith L. Alexander

Woman Dies in Auto Accident

A woman was killed Saturday evening on Interstate 295 in Northeast Washington
when the car she was riding in went out of control and struck a concrete
barrier, D.C. police said.

-- Clarence Williams

Smoke Closes Metro Station

 The L'Enfant Plaza Metro station was closed for nearly 90 minutes Saturday
after Metro police  noticed heavy smoke coming from the tracks on the Green and
Yellow lines.

A preliminary investigation indicated that   the smoke developed after an
insulator on one of the tracks caught fire or an object came into contact with
the insulator, Metro spokeswoman Angela Gates said.

-- Keith L. Alexander

Peanut-Free Baseball Event Set

The Washington Nationals are hosting peanut-free baseball for fans with
allergies. People with a party suite ticket to the Aug. 23 afternoon game will
be allowed to bring in food that suits their dietary needs. Fans with peanut
allergies can buy a ticket for $30.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

CORRECTION-DATE: August 11, 2009 Tuesday



CORRECTION: An Aug. 9 Metro article misstated the age of Christopher Myles Ford,
a motorcyclist killed in an accident  Aug. 8 on the Capital Beltway. He was 22

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             391 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 6, 2009 Thursday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Nation Digest

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 492 words


CRIMINAL JUSTICE

Woman Who Targeted Ford Is Set to Be Freed

The woman who tried to assassinate President Gerald R. Ford is expected to be
released from prison this month after serving her sentence, a Justice Department
official said Wednesday.

Lynette "Squeaky" Fromme, a onetime follower of mass murderer Charles Manson,
has been serving a life sentence. She was eligible for parole almost 25 years
ago but waived her right to parole and chose to remain in prison.

The 60-year-old Fromme is scheduled to be released Aug. 16, said Felicia Ponce,
a spokeswoman for the Federal Bureau of Prisons. Fromme has been incarcerated at
a prison in Fort Worth.

Ford was unharmed when a Secret Service agent grabbed a semi-automatic
.45-caliber pistol aimed at him by Fromme on Sept. 5, 1975.

-- Reuters

 ENVIRONMENT

Kimberly-Clark Agrees To Ease Up on Forests

Kimberly-Clark Corp., a giant in the paper goods industry, has bowed to pressure
from Greenpeace and agreed to reduce the amount of old-growth forest used to
make its tissues and toilet paper.

By 2011, Kimberly-Clark said Wednesday, it will get 40 percent of the wood for
tissue products sold in North America from recycled paper or from
"environmentally responsible" lumber operations.

In return, Greenpeace said it would end its four-year-old "Kleercut" campaign,
whose name was a play on Kleenex tissues. The campaign aimed to shame
Kimberly-Clark into ending its use of old-growth timber, including some from
Canadian forests.

Recycled paper and sustainably harvested timber accounted last year for about 30
percent of Kimberly-Clark's tissue fiber. The company's brands include Scott and
Cottonelle toilet paper.

Kimberly-Clark officials said they are not planning to switch to 100 percent
recycled fiber for toilet paper, because many Americans prefer softer paper.

-- David A. Fahrenthold

L.A. Police Chief to Resign:

Los Angeles Police Chief William Bratton said he will step down Oct. 31, after a
seven-year tenure in which he instituted major reforms of the once-scandalized
police department. Bratton says he will work for Altegrity Inc. of Falls Church,
a global security and law enforcement training firm.

No Bail for N.C. Terror Defendants: Six men accused of plotting holy war
overseas from their North Carolina homes will remain jailed until trial because
they are dangerous and may flee, a federal judge ruled Wednesday. Alleged
ringleader Daniel Patrick Boyd, 39, and six other men, including two of Boyd's
sons, were charged last week with plotting to kidnap and kill people in an
unspecified foreign country. An eighth man is being sought.

New York Train Engineer, Passenger Face Charges: A Long Island Rail Road
engineer and the passenger he allegedly let operate a train carrying almost 400
riders during rush hour at speeds of up to 80 mph are facing reckless
endangerment charges. The engineer has also been charged with official
misconduct. The incident occurred July 2.

-- From News Services

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Steve Heaslip -- Cape Cod Times Via Associated Press; The
Unicorn, a tall ship from New Jersey, sits outside the channel of Great Harbor
in Woods Hole, Mass., after running aground. The Coast Guard rescued the
all-female crew of 16, and the ship was later safely pulled off the rocks.
IMAGE; Lynette Fromme is now 60 years old.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             392 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 6, 2009 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Grants Steered to Green Car Research;
$2.4 Billion for Battery Makers

BYLINE: Dana Hedgpeth and Scott Wilson; Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 555 words


The Obama administration announced $2.4 billion in grants to companies
developing car battery and hybrid technology as the president and others
traveled around the country Wednesday to extol the benefits of the government's
massive stimulus package.

Ford and its two struggling rivals, General Motors and Chrysler, were among the
biggest beneficiaries of the aid, receiving more than $400 million for research
and development work as part of an energy program meant to create jobs and
reduce the country's reliance on foreign oil.

President Obama touted the grants during a stop in Elkhart, Ind., as he sought
to defend his administration's handling of the downturn. He discussed how new
spending on education and research, and his push to reform health care -- which
he says will eventually bring down costs to business -- fit together to form the
basis of a stronger economy.

The energy grants, for instance, amount to the largest-ever investment in
battery technology -- creating and preserving, Obama said, "thousands of Hoosier
jobs."

Vice President Biden and Cabinet members announced individual grants during
visits to Michigan, North Carolina and other states. "For too long we failed to
invest in this kind of work, even as countries like China and Japan were racing
ahead," Obama said. "I want the cars of the future and the technologies that
power them to be built right here."

The awards mark the end of an intense competition among more than 250 companies
and universities vying for the work. All told, 48 programs received funding in
more than 20 states, including 11 programs in Michigan and seven in Indiana.

Among the big winners in Michigan was Johnson Controls, which will receive
nearly $300 million. The company, a supplier to Ford, is turning a plant in
Holland, Mich., that once made electronics for car interiors into one that will
produce lithium-ion cells for hybrid vehicles and assemble battery systems.

Another company, A123 Systems, received $249.1 million. It has a deal to supply
Chrysler.

Other winners in Michigan include Compact Power and Dow Kokam, which will get
$300 million for making battery cells and materials. The University of Michigan,
Wayne State University and Michigan Technological University will get funds for
workforce training.

General Motors was the biggest winner among the Big Three Detroit automakers.

It received $241.4 million to make battery packs for its Chevrolet Volt electric
car, build a real-wheel electric-drive system and do other work. Ford received
$92.7 million in grants to make electric drive axles, plug-in hybrid electric
vehicles and other projects. Chrysler received $70 million to develop 220
plug-in hybrid electric pickups and minivans.

Four of the top recipients have foreign partners or foreign-related
subsidiaries, according to Department of Energy officials. The government has
insisted that companies do their manufacturing in the United States.

During his stop in Elkhart, Obama singled out a grant to Navistar, a
recreational-vehicle maker there that once employed 116,00 people and now has
just 12,000 workers.

The company will receive a $39 million grant to build 400 battery-powered trucks
-- an announcement that drew raucous applause. One woman shouted: "Thank you."

"Thank you," Obama answered. "Thank the American people."

Wilson reported from Elkhart.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             393 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 26, 2009 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Investors Finally Have A Reason To Cheer

BYLINE: Jonathan Starkey; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 816 words


Investors saving for retirement have been battered and bruised for months by a
stock market that left them with few places to hide. But recent gains have taken
the sting out of opening those financial statements and offered a glimmer of
hope.

"There's been some substantial recovery in the real numbers that count, which
are dollars in savings accounts," said Michael Doshier, a vice president of
Fidelity Investments' workplace investing group.

Account balances on 401(k) plans administered by Fidelity grew by 13 percent
from the end of March through the end of June, according to the company, which
manages $1.36 trillion in assets. Not all of that increase can be attributed to
market improvements, as the figure is affected by participants' contributions
and withdrawals. But equity gains have been the driving factor, Doshier said.

The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index, a broad measure of the U.S. stock market,
gained 4.1 percent last week to close Friday at 979.26. Since hitting a 12-year
low on March 9, the index is up 45 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average, an
index of 30 blue-chip stocks, has climbed 39 percent since early March, and last
week it closed above 9000 for the first time since January.

Fueling the recent gains are signs that the worst of the recession may be over,
including upbeat corporate earnings reports and improvement in the feeble
housing market.

Stocks rose sharply during the past two weeks as a host of companies issued
unexpectedly strong quarterly results, including Ford Motor and manufacturing
conglomerate 3M, in large part because of aggressive cost-cutting. The gains led
Standard & Poor's to raise its profit forecast for companies in the S&P 500.

On the housing front, investors drew encouragement from the National Association
of Realtors report showing that sales of previously owned homes rose 3.6 percent
in June to an annual rate of 4.9 million.  It's the third consecutive monthly
improvement, though the level of sales is still low by historical standards.

Rita Cheng, a financial adviser at Ameriprise Financial in Bethesda, said most
of her clients have capitalized on depressed stock prices by continuing to make
contributions to their retirement plans during the downturn, using the same
amount of money to buy more shares in their mutual funds.

"They continued to get their match" from employers, Cheng said. "They continued
to invest when the market was slow, so they were able to buy more shares. Now
when the market has come back some, they can see the benefit of having purchased
those shares at a lower price."

Despite the recent upswing, U.S. stocks still have a long way to climb to reach
their all-time high. The S&P 500 peaked at 1565.15 on Oct. 9, 2007 -- 37 percent
higher than Friday's close. That leaves investors with significant ground to
make up.

For example, an investment of $10,000 on Jan. 1, 2007, in the Vanguard Windsor
fund -- a common option for participants in 401(k) plans -- would have grown to
$10,773.22 by Oct. 9 of that year, according to data from Morningstar. One year
later, as the recession deepened and financial markets tumbled, that $10,000
would have shriveled to $5,485.40.

By March 9 of this year, the bottom of the market, the investor would have lost
57 percent, and been left with a balance of  $4,268.44.

"There was nowhere to hide with the exception of your bank account," said Tracey
Baker, a financial planner at CJM Wealth Advisers in Fairfax.

At the end of trading Thursday, however, market gains would have driven that
$10,000 investment back up to $6,540.49, still down 35 percent from the peak but
a measurable improvement from March.

Cheng and Baker recommended that retirement plan participants continue making
contributions, if their financial situation allows, to take advantage of
depressed share prices. Cheng said participants should contribute enough to
obtain the full match from their employers.

Overall, retirement investment trends have not been driven by dramatic market
shifts, according to Sarah Holden, senior director of retirement and investor
research at the Investment Company Institute, which represents the industry and
tracks flows of funds.

The majority of 401(k) investors have continued to make their monthly
contributions, she said, though many saw massive losses. Estimated total 401(k)
assets fell from $3.025 trillion in December 2007 to $2.350 trillion at the end
of last year, according to an ICI report.

"Most people did not give up on their accounts," Holden said. "The bulk of
people stuck with what they had been doing. There is very much a
paycheck-by-paycheck commitment."

Robert Benjamin, a spokesman for Baltimore-based T. Rowe Price, said the firm
advises clients against making long-term asset allocation changes based on
extreme one-year events.

"This is a real lesson," he said. "401(k) money is long-term money. Even in your
60s,  it's long-term money."

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             394 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 24, 2009 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Ford Pushes Into the Black, Snapping Losing Streak;
Bolstered by Cost Cuts, Automaker Moves In on Rivals

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 410 words


Ford Motor on Thursday posted a surprise profit of $2.26 billion for the second
quarter, ending a streak of four straight quarterly losses.

In recent months, the carmaker has claimed market share from its American
rivals, General Motors and Chrysler, while those companies  struggled to
restructure their operations in bankruptcy court.

Ford executives now say the automaker is on track to return to annual
profitability in 2011.

"Despite the challenges, Ford's underlying business is getting progressively
stronger as we launch great new products the customers want and value, while
continuing to aggressively restructure our operations," Ford chief executive
Alan R. Mulally said in a conference call with analysts.

Ford's gains were aided by rapid cost cutting in the second quarter. Ford
reduced its debt obligations by $10.1 billion, which will save the company more
than $500 million a year in interest expense. It raised $1.6 billion by issuing
common stock. The company said it also cut "structural" costs by $1.8 billion,
in part by eliminating 1,000 U.S. hourly jobs through buyouts.

"They're leaner and meaner than they have been in past," said George Peterson,
president of research firm AutoPacific.

Ford said it is likely to make additional moves to raise cash and reduce debt.
It is still looking for a buyer for its Swedish unit Volvo, which lost $231
million in the quarter.

Excluding special items, such as debt reduction, Ford would have lost $424
million in the second quarter. In comparison, the company lost $8.7 billion in
the second quarter of 2008, the worst performance year in Ford's history.

Ford last pulled itself out of the red in the first quarter of 2008, earning
$100 million.

Ford shares jumped 9.4 percent Thursday, to close at $6.98.

Under Mulally, Ford appears to be building better cars and trucks, analysts
said. The Ford Fiesta, which launches in the United States next year, is now
Europe's second-best-selling car.

"These are not cars built to the lowest common denominator anymore," Peterson
said.

Ford is also shifting its lineup toward smaller, more fuel-efficient vehicles.
But some analysts warn that the automaker could face a challenge selling those
new models if gas prices do not climb this summer.

"Clearly the road ahead remains challenging," Mulally told analysts. "While we
still expect the economy to begin to improve in the second half of the year, the
recovery is likely to be more modest than many of us had hoped."

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Jim Young -- Reuters; Ford executives say they are on track
to return to annual profitability in 2011. The automaker reduced its debt
obligations and cut costs in the second quarter.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             395 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 19, 2009 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

UTOPIAS

SECTION: OUTLOOK; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 258 words


Fordlandia

By Greg Grandin

Metropolitan. 432 pp. $27.50

Had Henry Ford stumbled into El Dorado, the Amazon's legendary golden city, he
probably wouldn't have had much use for it. First of all, he was already rich.
Furthermore, Ford's idea of a jungle city was a tad more austere. Or at least
that's the argument that Greg Grandin puts forth in "Fordlandia," a thoroughly
researched account of Ford's ill-fated Amazonian rubber plantation.

In 1928 Ford purchased a large tract of Brazilian jungle, hoping to establish a
rubber plantation to supply his car company with latex. Things quickly went
awry, however, as his dreams of industrial efficiency were pummeled to death by
woes both ecological (disease, drought, deadly snakes) and social (local
laborers bristled at a Ford-imposed lifestyle that was heavy on soy and
temperance). When the plantation was shuttered in 1945, it had failed to produce
a single drop of latex for a Ford vehicle.

But Grandin posits that Ford clung to his jungle kingdom mainly as a social
experiment, hoping to construct a utopia complete with New England-style
cottages and a golf course. "Ford, the man who in the early 1910s helped unleash
the power of industrialism to revolutionize human relations, spent most of the
rest of his life trying to put the genie back in the bottle," the author writes.
As jungle adventures go, it's not exactly "Aguirre, the Wrath of God," but the
story of "Fordlandia" implies similar lessons: Looking for a shining city in the
middle of the jungle is probably a bad idea.

-- Aaron Leitko

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             396 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 16, 2009 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

An Existential Parking Conundrum: How Can You Prove You Aren't Where You Aren't?

BYLINE: John Kelly

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 905 words


I hear from a lot of people who complain about parking tickets they feel they
received unfairly. Oh, the perfidy! Oh, the injustice! Often, upon closer
examination, their excuses don't quite wash: They didn't see the "No Parking"
sign. They were just a little late to their expired meter.

I'm sympathetic but I'm not that sympathetic. Then I heard the Curious Case of
David Yacobucci.

David, 38, lives in Fairfax County. I will go into some detail about his
commuting patterns because they are material to his case: Every weekday about
6:30 a.m. he drives with his fiancee to the Vienna Metro, where he parks his
Ford Escape in the Metro parking lot. He takes the Orange Line to Rosslyn, where
he works in the Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Postal Service. In the
evening he reverses the commute, exiting the parking lot by swiping his SmarTrip
card.

If David is to be believed, he never drives into the District on a weekday.

That is why he was so surprised in October when he received a notice in the mail
from the D.C. Department of Motor Vehicles that he had an overdue parking
ticket. According to the letter, at 11:05 a.m. Sept. 26, 2008 -- a Friday -- a
ticket was written to a vehicle bearing Virginia license plates YBA7225, which
was illegally parked in a residential area in the 2000 block of Fourth Street
NE. Because the $30 ticket had not been paid on time, David owed $60.

David was perplexed. He didn't remember even being in the District. He decided
to fight the ticket. He mailed in an adjudication form, claiming innocence. He
was informed he was still liable. He gave his fiancee power of attorney to
contest the ticket in his place at a hearing in December. The DMV excused the
penalty but found him liable for the original $30 infraction.

David's friends said he should just pay up. He refused.

Then, on April 2, he received another Notice of Unsatisfied Parking Tickets. A
ticket had been issued at 11:04 a.m. Feb. 24, and another at 10:58 a.m. Feb. 25,
both in the same block of Fourth Street. The fines were again overdue and had
grown to $120.

"So here I am, glad I didn't follow my lifelong friends' advice to pay the first
one," David said.

He got copies of the parking tickets from the DMV. (He had never seen them.)
They showed the offending vehicle was a Ford pickup; David drives a Ford SUV. He
contacted the general counsel's office at Metro and requested his SmarTrip
records. They showed that on the dates in question David entered the Vienna
turnstiles about 7:10 a.m., exited Rosslyn about 20 minutes later, reentered
Rosslyn around 4:45 in the afternoon, exited Vienna about 5:10 p.m. and had
$4.50 deducted for parking.

But, said the DMV, although that may prove David's SmarTrip was used to enter
and exit the Metro, it does not prove his vehicle wasn't parked in the 2000
block of Fourth Street NE. He was contacted by a collection agency.

On April 4, David woke up at 3 a.m. with an idea. He went online to the Virginia
DMV Web site and ordered new plates.

The plates arrived April 14, and he immediately put them on his vehicle. Two
months later he received a notice that on May 18 his vehicle -- with the old
plates, the plates he swears are sitting on the floor of his garage in Fairfax
(David says he didn't know you're supposed to turn them in) -- was illegally
parked on Fourth Street NE.

"I can't even begin to give a plausible reason for why it's happening," David
said.

I contacted the D.C. DMV, and yesterday a spokeswoman told me that, "based on
the confusion with the make and model of the vehicle," it would give David the
benefit of the doubt and dismiss the infractions. It is at a loss to explain
this "anomaly."

I see three possibilities:

1. Somehow, the Virginia DMV made two sets of YBA7225 license plates. A Virginia
DMV spokeswoman said no one there could recall that ever happening.

2. The parking enforcement officer is making a mistake when entering the
violating vehicle's plate number.

3. David is totally scamming everyone or suffers from some sort of amnesia.

David is glad his fines have been waived but is still troubled by the episode
and fearful that the 2000 block of Fourth Street NE will come back to haunt him.

"How do you prove that you weren't in one place?" he asked.

That is a perhaps a question best suited for Mr. Kafka.

Give to Camp, Enjoy a Meal!

 There's just one week left in our Send a Kid to Camp fund drive. To give you
even more incentive to donate to Moss Hollow, the summer camp for at-risk kids,
our friends at Clyde's are offering gift certificates to anyone who donates
between now and July 24. Donate $125 dollars and you'll receive a $25 gift
certificate for a meal at Clyde's. Donate $200 and you'll receive a $50 gift
certificate. It's their way of saying thank you for participating.

Here's some more good news: A very generous donor has offered to match each
donation made between now and the end of our campaign, up to $75,000. Double our
pleasure!

To make your tax-deductible gift, send a check or money order, payable to "Send
a Kid to Camp," to P.O. Box 96237, Washington, D.C. 20090-6237. Or contribute
online by going to http://www.washingtonpost.com/camp and clicking on the
donation link. To use MasterCard or Visa by phone, call 202-334-5100 and follow
the instructions on our taped message.

Been caught in bureaucratic purgatory? Share your stories during my online chat,
tomorrow at noon. Go to http://www.washingtonpost.com/discussions.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By John Kelly -- The Washington Post; David Yacobucci of Fairfax
keeps getting parking tickets from the D.C. DMV. Just one problem: He says
records show he was elsewhere.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             397 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 9, 2009 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

IN BRIEF

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. DZ02

LENGTH: 996 words

Ford's Theatre Museum To Unveil New Artifacts

The Ford's Theatre Museum is scheduled to reopen to the public Wednesday after
20 months of renovations. The redesigned museum will tell the story of Abraham
Lincoln's presidency, from his arrival by train in Washington to his
assassination.

New exhibits include re-creations of Lincoln's theater box, his White House
office and Mary Surratt's boarding house. The renovated museum will house many
historic artifacts, including the derringer that John Wilkes Booth used to shoot
the president and the suit and boots that Lincoln wore to Ford's Theatre the
evening of April 14, 1865, when was assassinated.

The theater, a National Historic Site, reopened in 1968 as a performance space
for live drama. For information or to volunteer, go to http://www.fords.org.

Art Proposals Sought For Metro Station

The D.C. Commission on the Arts and Humanities is seeking artists to design and
install artwork in the Takoma Metro station underpass walls at 327 Cedar St. NW.
As part of its DC Creates! Public Art Program, the agency is working with
WMATA's Art in Transit program to create a more attractive culvert and gateway
for residents, commuters and visitors.

The agency has budgeted $250,000 for low-maintenance, long-term installations
made of durable materials.

For information, call 202-724-5613 or go to http://dcarts.dc.gov to download an
application. Applications are also available at the commission's office, 1371
Harvard St. NW. The submission deadline is 5:30 p.m. Aug. 14.

District Bans Coal Tar In Pavement Sealants

On July 1, the District banned the use and sale of coal tar products used in
many pavement sealants. The ban is part of the Comprehensive Stormwater
Management Enhancement Amendment Act of 2008, which Mayor Adrian M. Fenty (D)
signed into law in January.

Dust from coal tar products contains toxic polycyclin aromatic hydrocarbons.
Rain washes PAHs off pavements into rivers and streams.

The ban will reduce the amount of toxic chemicals that run off into streams and
threaten the Anacostia and Potomac rivers and the Chesapeake Bay. Research
suggests that total PAH loads washed off parking lots could be reduced by as
much as 90 percent if parking lots were unsealed.

"It's rare that we have a chance to knock out this kind of pollution in one fell
swoop," said George S. Hawkins, the director of the D.C. Department of the
Environment. "Our nation has made substantial progress, but now that we've
discovered what's in coal tar and what it does, we have a rare opportunity to
protect our waterways relatively easily."

Coal tar alternatives for paving are readily available, the department said.
Property owners and contractors should avoid using products with coal, tar,
refined coal tar pitch or RT-12 listed as ingredients on the product container
or on the material safety data sheet that should be available through
distributors.

The penalty for using or selling coal tar products is a fine of up to $2,500 per
day.

Human Rights Office Hosts Language Access Forum

The D.C. Office of Human Rights will host a Language Access Policy Forum from 9
a.m. to 4 p.m. Wednesday at the True Reformer Building, 1200 U St. NW. The forum
acknowledges the fifth anniversary of the District's Language Access Act, a law
that provides equal access to city services for D.C. residents who speak little
or no English. The event is free and open to the public. A breakfast and lunch
will be provided.

As a result of the law, 35 city agencies are required to provide oral and
written language services and to implement a biennial language access plan and
assign a language access coordinator.

In October 2007, Mayor Adrian M. Fenty (D) launched the Know Your Rights
campaign, led by the D.C. Office of Human Rights and its partners -- the offices
on Latino Affairs, Asian and Pacific Islander Affairs and African Affairs and
the D.C. Language Access Coalition -- to inform D.C. residents and community
organizations of their rights under the Language Access Act.

Through the forum, the Office of Human Rights said it aims to gain further
insights and feedback for growth of the language program.

To register for the forum, go to http://ohr.dc.gov.

Free Energy Audits For D.C. Homeowners

The D.C. Department of the Environment is offering free energy audits to D.C.
residents. The audits recommend inexpensive ways to improve home energy
efficiency.

The energy measurements include insulation levels, window efficiency, heating
and cooling system efficiency, the solar orientation of the home and water
heating systems.

At the end of the audit, homeowners and renters receive a one- to five-star
rating for energy efficiency and a report listing cost-effective ways to improve
the rating. The department also offers information on tax credits and financing
for energy-efficient home improvements.

"We have great, historic older homes in the District," said George S. Hawkins,
director of the D.C. Department of the Environment. "But many of them lose as
much energy as leaving a window open all summer. Our energy audits will help
residents stop wasting energy so they can save money and reduce global warming,
too."

To schedule an energy audit, go to http://ddoe.dc.gov or call 202-673-6700.
Operators are available to answer questions and make appointments in Spanish.

Job Fair for D.C. Residents Scheduled for Next Week

The annual job fair sponsored by Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-D.C.) is
scheduled from 9:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. next Thursday.

The event will offer information on stimulus-related job training. More than 80
government agencies and private companies have confirmed their participation.
Job openings include some of the 12,000 stimulus jobs available this summer.

The job fair is for D.C. residents only. Participants should bring rÃ©sumÃ©s and
proof of D.C. residency, such as a driver's license or utility bill. The fair
will be in Hall C of the Washington Convention Center, 801 Mt. Vernon Pl. NW.

-- Compiled by TERENCE MCARDLE

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: DC

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             398 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 7, 2009 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Brightness Cloaked In Hubris

BYLINE: Jim Hoagland

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 735 words


The Robert S. McNamara who helped lead the United States into defeat and shame
in Vietnam would never have anticipated or trusted what I am about to recount.
None of the computers he depended on to chart that war could quantify
serendipity or instinct.

I'm not sure what the other McNamara -- the remorseful , melancholy ex-president
of the World Bank whom I came to know long after Vietnam had ended -- would have
made of this circumstance: Word of his death at 93 reached me as I was talking
about the history and future of counterinsurgency in Asia with a 23-year-old
Army lieutenant due to  undertake a tour of combat duty in Afghanistan within a
year.

The elder McNamara would have been agnostic about the coincidence, I suspect. He
was frequently described as a tragic figure deep into expiation at that stage of
his life. Tragic he was -- all the more so because he refused to the end to
accept how he had helped create the tragedy that destroyed his reputation. Of
McNamara's failings, that was his greatest.

So I put the cruelest of questions to Alex Frank, currently in an infantry
officer training course, after hearing him argue that counterinsurgency could be
made to work in Afghanistan. McNamara thought that about Indochina, I said. Why
should it be different in Central Asia?

"McNamara seemed to have underestimated the importance of shaping the
environment before you act," responded Frank, a family friend who has read
broadly and deeply in the literature on guerrilla warfare and quotes from it
with ease. "You build up enough energy and at decisive turning points that
energy gets unleashed to determine the outcome."

He quickly adds: "In McNamara's day, everybody in the administration went along
with the same line. There was no arguing out of positions. It was all 'just get
the stuff and the soldiers over there and the conflict will sort itself out.'
That is not true today."

Let's hope he is right on Afghanistan. I am not yet convinced. On McNamara and
Vietnam, Frank's views mesh with those of Ward Just, premier war correspondent
and later a superb novelist about Washington during those years.

"McNamara was not a bad man, but he was a flawed one," Just told me yesterday.
"Everything had to be justified and explained by numbers and computers. That led
him to misunderstand the fundamental reality of the war: They wanted it more
than we did. Even a newspaperman understood that by 1967."

And yet McNamara was considered to be the brightest of John F. Kennedy's New
Frontiersmen when he came from Ford Motor Co. to run the Pentagon. As the United
States waded deeper into Indochina, he armed himself with data and an aura of
arrogant invincibility that shut out the arguments of history, and of national
character, that foretold an American disaster.

David Halberstam's "The Best and the Brightest" and other books and film
documentaries tell that story. But in my eyes, McNamara himself penned the most
damning thing ever written about him in his 1995 memoir, "In Retrospect."

I don't quarrel with the belief he stated in that book that the United States
"fought in Vietnam for eight years for what it believed to be good and honest
reasons," even though they were misguided. But in claiming that there was no
significant expertise on Vietnam in the government to guide policymakers,
McNamara falsified  his own record of ignoring or rejecting dissent from Paul
Kattenburg, George Ball and others who did foresee disaster and argued for
changes in policy.

McNamara had too much invested in the war policies he had urged on Kennedy and
Lyndon Johnson to take their advice. So he clung to the illusion that it never
existed. There could be no more cautionary a tale for senior officials now in
power.

Fortunately for young officers like Alex Frank, and the rest of us, Washington
today is a very different, more open place. George W. Bush finally changed
course in Iraq and rescued U.S. involvement there from a Vietnam-like collapse.
And President Obama has acted more thoughtfully on Iraq, and Afghanistan, than
his campaign promises indicated would be the case. He is working to give the
people of both nations a chance to live securely and decently. To succeed, Obama
must persuade  Americans to show strategic patience with those efforts. He must
avoid the intellectual hubris and blindness that Robert McNamara, as brilliant
as he was, sadly came to personify.

jimhoagland@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             399 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 7, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

'Terribly Wrong' Handling of Vietnam Overshadowed Record of Achievement

BYLINE: Thomas W. Lippman; Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 3858 words


Robert S. McNamara, 93, the former secretary of defense whose record as a
leading executive of industry and chieftain of foreign financial aid was all but
erased from public memory by his reputation as the primary architect of U.S.
involvement in the war in Vietnam, died yesterday at his home in Washington. The
family said he suffered a fall three years ago but did not provide a specific
cause of death.

McNamara was secretary of defense during the presidencies of John F. Kennedy and
Lyndon B. Johnson. In that capacity, he directed a U.S. military buildup in
Southeast Asia during the critical early years of a Vietnamese conflict that
escalated into one of the most divisive and bitter wars in U.S. history. When
the war was over, 58,000 Americans were dead and the national social fabric had
been torn asunder.

Before taking office as secretary of defense in 1961, McNamara was president of
Ford Motor Co. For 13 years after he left the Pentagon in 1968, he was president
of the World Bank. He was a brilliant student, a compulsive worker and a
skillful planner and organizer whose manifest talents carried him from modest
circumstances in California to the highest levels of the Washington power
structure. He was said to have built a record of achievement and dedication in
business, government and public service that few of his generation could match.

After his retirement from the bank in 1981, he maintained an exhausting schedule
as director or consultant to scores of public and private organizations and was
a virtual one-man think tank on nuclear arms issues.

More than 40 years after the fact, he was remembered almost exclusively for his
orchestration of U.S. prosecution of the war in Vietnam, a failed effort by the
world's greatest superpower to prevent a communist takeover of a weak and
corrupt ally. For his role in the war, McNamara was vilified by harsh and
unforgiving critics, and his entire record was unalterably clouded.

In his 1995 memoir of the war, "In Retrospect: The Tragedy and Lessons of
Vietnam," McNamara said he and his senior colleagues were "wrong, terribly
wrong" to pursue the war as they did. He acknowledged that he failed to force
the military to produce a rigorous justification for its strategy and tactics,
misunderstood Asia in general and Vietnam in particular, and kept the war going
long after he realized it was futile because he lacked the courage or the
ability to turn Johnson around.

He elaborated on Vietnam and the other events that shaped his life in Errol
Morris's Academy Award-winning documentary "The Fog of War: Eleven Lessons From
the Life of Robert S. McNamara" (2003). He described how as a young man he had
analyzed bombing operations under the command of Gen. Curtis LeMay during World
War II and in that job played a role in making the firebombing of dozens of
Japanese cities "more efficient."

"We burned to death 100,000 Japanese civilians in Tokyo -- men, women and
children," he told Morris. "LeMay recognized that what he was doing would be
thought immoral if his side had lost," he added. "But what makes it immoral if
you lose and not immoral if you win?"

* * *

From the day in 1961 when he burst upon the Washington scene as a political
unknown selected by Kennedy to be secretary of defense, McNamara's trim figure,
slicked-back hair and rimless glasses made him instantly recognizable, a
Washington monument whose interests covered everything from nuclear war to the
fiscal health of local governments.

At the Pentagon, he reorganized the military bureaucracy, built up the country's
nuclear arsenal and instigated a massive campaign to end racial discrimination
in off-base housing.

At the World Bank, he was often described as "the conscience of the West" for
his relentless efforts to persuade the industrialized world to commit more
capital to improving life in have-not nations. In retirement, he avoided
celebrity-for-hire appearances on the lecture circuit and TV talk shows,
devoting his time to improvement of education, government and health in the
United States and abroad.

As secretary of defense, he was a key figure in such major crises as the Bay of
Pigs fiasco and the Cuban missile confrontation with the Soviet Union. He
changed the balance of nuclear forces in the world with the development of the
multiple-warhead missile.

His reputation foundered in Vietnam. Many Americans held him largely responsible
for the futile and humiliating military adventure there, a responsibility he
accepted in a 1995 memoir of the war.

It was "McNamara's war," matching his technology, statistics, weaponry and
organization charts against a peasant army from a small, impoverished country.
The peasants won. In retrospect, it could be seen that McNamara's can-do,
technological approach to military issues might have been perfectly suited to a
conflict against the Soviet Union in Europe, but it led him into disastrous
miscalculations in the jungles and paddies of Vietnam.

On his first visit to South Vietnam in 1962, before most Americans had heard of
the place and before the involvement of American combat forces, McNamara said
that "every quantitative measurement we have shows we're winning this war."

It was a statement often quoted by his critics in later years, because it seemed
to encapsulate the fallacy of his approach. American troops did prevail in many
of the big battles, and the United States did win the war by every statistical
measurement on the Pentagon charts that McNamara so admired. But the numbers --
even the few that were accurate -- had little to do with the political reality
on the ground.

* * *

Despite his addiction to charts, statistics and briefings in which the United
States and its ally in Saigon were always winning, McNamara privately had a
broader appreciation of what was happening in Vietnam. As early as 1964, after
Buddhist uprisings that shook Saigon's political structure, he observed that the
Viet Cong had "large indigenous support" and were held together by "bonds of
loyalty." In 1966, even as the buildup of U.S. forces continued and Cold War
tensions gripped Europe, he said it was "a gross oversimplification to regard
Communism as the central factor in every conflict throughout the underdeveloped
word. . . . The United States has no mandate from on high to police the world
and no inclination to do so."

McNamara acknowledged late in his Pentagon tenure that the bombing of North
Vietnam and the Ho Chi Minh trail supply line could not cripple the Viet Cong
because the Viet Cong hardly needed any supplies other than ammunition. But as
critics pointed out and as he admitted many years later, he was unable or
unwilling to translate these assessments into policy reversals that would
extricate Johnson's administration from the Asian morass.

The harshest critic of all, journalist and author David Halberstam, describing
McNamara's trips to Saigon in "The Best and the Brightest," wrote that McNamara,
the ultimate technocrat, was "a prisoner of his own background . . . unable, as
indeed was the country which sponsored him, to adapt his values and his terms to
Vietnamese realities. Since any real indices and truly factual estimates of the
war would immediately have shown its bankruptcy, the McNamara trips became part
of a vast unwitting and elaborate charade, the institutionalizing and
legitimizing of a hopeless lie."

In Halberstam's judgment, McNamara "did not serve himself or his country well.
He was, there is no kinder or gentler word for it, a fool."

Chester L. Cooper, a senior official at the State Department when McNamara was
at Defense, wrote in "The Lost Crusade" that McNamara's brilliant staff and his
"unique ability to grasp and synthesize a vast mass and variety of information
made him the best informed official in Washington." But McNamara's insistence on
dealing with Vietnam in the same way he dealt with other issues led him into
miscalculations, Cooper said. Cooper summarized McNamara's approach in a
memorable portrait:

"His typical trip involved leaving Washington in the evening and, after a
24-hour journey and a 13-hour time change, arriving at Saigon at eight in the
morning. The Secretary would emerge from the plane and suggest graciously that
his fellow-travelers take a half-hour or so to wash up and then join him at a 9
o'clock briefing at MACV [Military Assistance Command Vietnam] headquarters.
There, for the next three hours, they were expected not merely to add up figures
but to absorb a rapid-fire series of complicated military briefings. . . . .
While we less adaptable beings desperately attempted to make sense out of the
mass of information, McNamara queried every apparent inconsistency and was
usually well ahead of the briefers."

The problem was that as the war escalated, the briefings grew increasingly
irrelevant to what was really happening. McNamara tolerated, even encouraged, a
system in which optimistic Washington analysis dictated the content of the
briefings, rather than the other way around.

For all his participation in the great events of his time, it was the Vietnam
war that shaped the nation's perception of McNamara and his performance and
eventually eroded his credibility. When he said, in 1966, that manpower
requirements and draft calls would be reduced the next year, hardly anyone
seemed to believe him. When he told Congress that the purpose of bombing the Ho
Chi Minh trail was to reduce North Vietnamese troop infiltration into the South,
newspaper analysts pointed out that the Pentagon's own charts showed
infiltration was increasing.

An incident that reflected the temper of those tense, bitter years occurred in
November 1966, when McNamara traveled to Harvard for an informal discussion with
undergraduates. He was mobbed by about 800 jeering students, who blocked his car
and cried "Murderer!"

The secretary, never apologetic, climbed atop his car, in shirt sleeves despite
the New England chill, and told the crowd: "I spent four of the happiest years
of my life on the Berkeley campus, doing some of the things you do today. But I
was tougher than you, and I'm tougher than you are now. I was more courteous
then, and I hope I'm more courteous today."

* * *

It is inaccurate to portray McNamara as an unreconstructed hawk to the bitter
end; his early doubts became known after the war. But he failed to persuade the
president and such hard-line White House insiders as national security
specialist Walt W. Rostow to moderate their views. McNamara succeeded only in
hastening his own ouster from the Cabinet, and because he waited 20 years after
the fall of Saigon in 1975 to go public with his confession of error about the
war, he retained his reputation as a technocrat committed to firepower above all
else.

McNamara later dismissed as "absurd" and "baloney" suggestions that he devoted
himself to helping Third World countries through the World Bank to atone for his
record in Vietnam. But he never attempted to defend himself against critics of
his role in Vietnam or to justify the escalation there. For more than two
decades after leaving the Pentagon, he avoided the topic of Vietnam in his
public statements.

Publication of his 1995 memoir opened some kind of intellectual floodgate for
McNamara. He developed a virtual fourth career of organizing and participating
in seminars about the war -- about who did what and why, and about how doing
something else might have meant, if not a different outcome, at least less
death. In 1999, he published a book about this quest for the truth about the
war, with a title signaling that he did not find it: "Argument Without End: In
Search of Answers to the Vietnam Tragedy."

Thus in the final years of his life, the war again took over the reputation of a
man whose life in many ways had embodied the American dream.

* * *

Robert Strange McNamara was born June 9, 1916, in San Francisco, where his
father was sales manager for a wholesale shoe company. He demonstrated academic
brilliance from the time he was in elementary school and achieved straight A's
in high school. At the University of California at Berkeley, where he studied
economics and philosophy, he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa after his sophomore
year.

After graduation in 1937, he went to the Harvard Graduate School of Business
Administration, where he received his MBA in 1939. He went back to the West
Coast for a year to work for the accounting firm of Price, Waterhouse and Co.,
and during that time he married a former classmate, Margaret Craig. She died in
1981.

In 2004, he married Diana Masieri Byfield, whom he met through mutual friends.
Besides his wife, survivors include three children from his first marriage,
Craig McNamara of Winters, Calif., and Kathleen McNamara and Margaret Pastor,
both of Washington.

In 1940, McNamara returned to Harvard as an assistant professor. When the United
States entered World War II, McNamara volunteered for military service but was
initially rejected because of weak eyesight. He worked closely with the
military, teaching courses for officers and serving as a consultant to the Army
Air Forces on the establishment of a statistical system for the control of
logistical operations.

He took a leave from Harvard to go to England on a military mission in 1943, and
there he was finally granted a commission and accepted into the service as a
captain.

In three years of active duty, he traveled in several Asian countries. He later
said that it was the experience of visiting Calcutta during a famine, when there
were as many dead people in the streets as live ones, that first stirred his
interest in trying to improve conditions in the poorest nations.

McNamara left the service in 1946 at the rank of lieutenant colonel. Instead of
returning to Harvard, he joined with nine other statistical control experts who
offered their services as a group to various corporations. This extraordinary
ploy resulted in all 10 being hired as a team by Ford Motor Co.

Ford was plagued by deficient management at the time, and Henry Ford II,
chairman of the board, sent the 10 into every department to study operations and
make recommendations. Their unending questions at first earned them the snide
appellation "Quiz Kids," after a radio program of the period that featured
bright youngsters, but their performance soon changed the title to "Whiz Kids."

Several of the "whiz kids" made careers at Ford; McNamara rose fastest and
highest. Although his specialty was the application of statistics to management,
he was also credited with a sense of public taste that led him to bring out new
models that scored great success in the market. He started as manager of Ford's
office of planning and financial analysis and by 1957 had become a director of
the corporation. In 1960, he succeeded Henry Ford II as president -- the first
president who was not a member of the Ford family.

He had been president of Ford only a month when Kennedy offered him the Defense
post. When he left to join the New Frontier Cabinet, he said he was
relinquishing $3 million in personal profits he would have realized from his
stock options had he remained with Ford.

While he was at Ford, the McNamaras stayed out of the Grosse Pointe, Mich.,
social orbit dominated by the auto industry. They lived in Ann Arbor, where they
cherished the academic atmosphere around the University of Michigan. Once they
got to Washington, it became more difficult for McNamara to insulate his family
from the demands of his job, and except for skiing vacations in Colorado it
often seemed that he was on duty all the time.

"Bob lives an 'on-call' kind of life," his wife Margaret once said. When he had
time to himself, McNamara tended to spend evenings with his wife and a few close
friends, not on Washington's party circuit. The McNamaras kept their three
children out of the news.

According to his widow, McNamara left written instructions that no funeral or
memorial service be held, not even among his children. She said his decision was
not because of his legacy as secretary of defense. "The reality is that he's
been a very private person all his life and tried to avoid limelight and
publicity," she said. "Of course he couldn't, because of the position he was in.
And so he wanted to fade away quietly. His children maybe would have liked to,
but he was against it."

* * *

At the Pentagon, McNamara quickly put his  stamp on the sprawling military
bureaucracy in what amounted to a management revolution. He centralized control,
broke down the traditional fiefdoms of the individual services, and imposed
multipurpose, multi-service weapons on the brass.

According to an account published in The Washington Post at the time, "he shook
all five floors of the Pentagon in his search for the tools he needed to get a
firm grip on the biggest military establishment in the world. . . . McNamara
brought in computers to help with the spade work, hired systems analysts to comb
through the technical points and then list the pros and cons for the
generalists, reassessed the war plans, regrouped weapons into programs."

The Kennedy administration came into office vowing to close the "missile gap,"
the apparent Soviet lead in strategic nuclear weapons. McNamara later
acknowledged that there was no "missile gap" -- he said it was based on "a total
misreading of the information" -- but by that time the United States had greatly
expanded its nuclear arsenal and the Soviets had responded in kind.

According to critics such as John Edwards, in his 1982 book "Superweapon," the
United States actually had nuclear superiority over the Soviets in 1960, and the
U.S. buildup only convinced Moscow that the United States was seeking the
ability to attack the Soviet Union with impunity.

The U.S. nuclear buildup, Edwards said, "far exceeded the forces developed by
the Soviet Union in the first half of the 1960s. The secretary himself later
judged that the American buildup contributed to the dramatic expansion of Soviet
forces."

McNamara sponsored development of missiles that could carry up to 14 nuclear
warheads each, giving the United States the ability to strike more Soviet
targets without adding missiles and the capability of launching more warheads
than the Soviets could fend off. This, McNamara later acknowledged, was
substantially responsible for the nuclear arms race.

"I have no question," he said in a 1982 interview, "but that the Soviets thought
we were trying to achieve a first-strike capability. We were not. We did not
have it. We could not attain it. We didn't have any thought of attaining it. But
they probably thought we did." Their response, he said, provoked a
counter-response by the United States, and the cycle became self-perpetuating.

He was at the center of Washington decision-making during the 1962 confrontation
with Moscow over the installation of Soviet nuclear missiles in Fidel Castro's
Cuba. After a retrospective discussion of those dramatic days with his Soviet
counterparts in 1989, McNamara wrote in a Newsweek essay about the crisis that
"as I left President Kennedy's office to return to the Pentagon, I thought I
might never live to see another Saturday night" -- so great was the threat of
nuclear war.

All parties to the confrontation in Cuba, McNamara wrote, were guilty of gross
miscalculations and errors that nearly resulted in a catastrophe. A
quarter-century later, he wrote, "It is inconceivable to me that we should be
content to continue on the present path of East-West confrontation for another
40 years. The risks of disastrous military conflict, so dramatically
demonstrated by our re-examination of the Cuban missile crisis, are totally
unacceptable." The hardware-loving strategist of the Cold War had come full
circle.

* * *

McNamara never publicly broke with Johnson over the war in Vietnam, but a
gradual process of disillusionment seemed to set in as he lost control of
tactics to the generals. In one well-publicized incident, he rejected a list of
bombing targets that the military officers wanted to hit, including targets near
Hanoi and other civilian population centers. The joint chiefs of staff went over
his head to Johnson, and the president authorized the strikes.

Even when he resigned to move to the World Bank, McNamara remained publicly
loyal, staying on as secretary for a transition period of several months until
his successor, Clark Clifford, took over in early 1968. During that interval,
the Viet Cong staged the Tet Offensive, the nationwide uprising in South
Vietnam's cities that shocked American public opinion by demonstrating the
hollowness of all the Pentagon's claims of military success.

Unlike other high government officials who seemed to spend their years out of
power waiting around Washington for a chance to get back in, once he moved from
the Pentagon to the World Bank, McNamara threw himself into his new assignment
with zest and concentrated on using the bank's resources to help alleviate the
poverty of the most underdeveloped nations.

The year before he took over the bank, it had a staff of 767 and made 60 loans
totaling about $954 million. In the last fiscal year of his tenure, a staff of
2,400 made about 250 loans, totaling $11.7 billion. And yet he wanted more, and
he importuned the industrialized nations to expand their commitments.

As president of the bank, he could have given a speech a day if he wanted, but
he chose a low profile and private persuasion. "I just don't give a damn whether
I'm on TV or not," he said. "I just am uninterested in personal publicity. I've
had all I need. Other people in town have different objectives."

He limited his public appearances to one or two a year because, he said, he
wanted to speak out only when he had "new ideas" to offer, and "I don't get
those ideas so frequently as to require me to speak out on them." His technique
was to choose his spots, decide what message could best advance the objectives
he was pursuing at the bank and take his time deciding what to say.

He spent a year, for example, thinking about what to say in a 1982 speech at the
University of the Witwatersrand, in apartheid South Africa. Then he told his
audience that America's "century of delay in moving to end our shameful
discrimination toward black Americans . . . was without question the most
serious mistake in our entire history, and the hard truth is that all Americans
will continue to [pay] a heavy price for it for decades to come." He urged South
Africa not to make the same mistake.

In retirement, McNamara maintained an office on K Street and worked, by his own
count, with 55 corporations, universities, foundations and other groups in which
he was interested. He was a director of The Washington Post Co., Royal Dutch
Shell and several other companies, and he chaired the Overseas Development
Council, a nonprofit organization that sought increased American understanding
of economic and social problems in developing countries.

"I'm not wealthy, but I don't have to do anything I don't want to do," he said,
"and I decided not to do anything that doesn't meet two criteria: expand my
understanding of the world and allow me to apply whatever understanding I have
in some productive way."

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Wally Mcnamee -- The Washington Post; Robert S. McNamara,
left, and President Lyndon B. Johnson at a party marking McNamara's 1968
departure from the Pentagon. McNamara -- a brilliant student, a compulsive
worker and a skillful planner and organizer -- was secretary of defense during
the presidencies of John F. Kennedy and Johnson.
IMAGE; Henry Burroughs -- Associated Press; President John F. Kennedy, left,
Defense Secretary Robert S. McNamara and Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson meet
in the White House in 1961, the year McNamara burst upon the Washington scene.
IMAGE; United Press International; McNamara, who was vilified for his role in
the Vietnam War, questions a former Communist Viet Cong guerrilla at a South
Vietnam retraining center in 1963.
IMAGE; By Gerald Martineau -- The Washington Post; Robert S. McNamara,
journalist Tom Braden and political columnist Joseph Alsop at a 1970s function.
When able, McNamara tended to spend evenings with his wife and a few close
friends, not on Washington's party circuit.
IMAGE; By Staff Sgt. R. W. Savatt -- Afp/getty Images; McNamara sits in a Huey
chopper during a one-day visit to the Marine airfield at Chu Lia, South Vietnam,
in July 1965. Such visits included intense briefings.
IMAGE; Reuters; McNamara in "The Fog of War: Eleven Lessons From the Life of
Robert S. McNamara," an Academy Award-winning 2003 documentary.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             400 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 7, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Touched Hearts & Minds

BYLINE: David Montgomery Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1733 words


S ummers were spent in Snowmass, Colo., near Aspen, and in those mountains, he
scattered the ashes of his first wife near a rustic memorial he built in her
honor on a cross-country ski trail.  Â¶  He was central to the Georgetown social
whirl, where what was seen as unpleasantness in Southeast Asia became a subject
to be avoided in his presence, and he was said to mist up when it came up.  Â¶
He once reportedly told Fidel Castro -- it was likely a slip of the tongue --
that he would look "down from Hell" on Castro's future anniversaries of the
Cuban missile crisis.  Â¶  Studiously rational and eternally buttoned-up, Robert
McNamara crafted a career that went through as many phases as Picasso's art,
from Ford Motor Co. to the Pentagon to the World Bank. For the latter part of
his life, he never stopped fretting over Vietnam. The old cocksureness had left
him, he was obviously haunted. He attempted to exorcise the ghosts in a memoir
and a documentary film.  Â¶  To the end, he was still trying to fathom his own
legacy, and here are the voices of some who watched him along the way.

"I had two conversations with him in my entire life. I still scratch my head
about them. He was president of the World Bank, and I was beginning the effort
to build the memorial. I called him up and said this is what we're going to do,
we're going to build this memorial, we're going to recognize the veterans and
heal the wounds of the country. He was very enthusiastic about it. He said, 'I
don't personally have a lot of money.' But he says: 'I do know the people who
have it. I want to pledge my support and we will find a way to help you raise
the money for this.' Then he stopped returning my phone calls.

"Twenty-plus years later, I got him on the phone, and I was relating to him this
land mine removal project in Vietnam: We find them and we blow them up. We had a
very extended conversation that went on for half an hour. He said, 'Well, I just
have a feeling that if I were to help you, because of the people who dislike me,
it would work to your detriment. I wish I could help you but I can't. I would
only hurt you by helping you.' "

-- Jan Scruggs, president, Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund

"We had dinner at Kay Graham's house and he happened to be sitting next to me.
And we talked about what if you had to make a choice between being poor in India
-- a democracy -- or having economic security in a communist regime.

"I'm pretty certain he would have chosen the democracy in India, but it was an
interesting question. . . .  Can you have democracy without an economic
foundation underneath it?"

-- Doris Kearns Goodwin, historian

"Out here [in Colorado] we became hiking buddies and skiing buddies over the
years. We knew [the McNamaras] as lovers of the outdoors, and of course, Bob had
endless energy and endless enthusiasm about the outdoors, and about
conservation. In her honor [McNamara's first wife, Margy] he built Margy's Hut,
which is part of the hut system up here.

"The other thing that I remember about him, that sticks in my mind as being very
moving and interesting as an old Washingtonian: He was the only major public
figure that I remember who did a major turnaround. He was a systems man and
engineered Vietnam, and years after it was over, he really had a change of
heart. He had a public reversal of what he really believed. I think he believed
in the end our involvement was the wrong thing. I don't know many public
officials who have done that kind of 180. He's remarkable in that sense and a
very positive image for us all to rethink what we've done in our lives.

"[The war] was off-limits while he was in office and for the first eight years
afterwards. Washington society used to be quite polite and forgiving;
discussions are had but they're not accusatory."

-- Jessica Catto, environmental writer, wife of former ambassador Henry E. Catto

"I first heard about him in the early 1960s when a dean at the University of
Michigan, where I was the editor of the paper, told me I would really like Bob
McNamara, who was going to the Kennedy administration because he was well known
in Michigan as president of the Ford Motor Company. He was part of a new
generation of young men who thought the computer was the tool for a new kind of
scientific management.

"It's all there for anyone to see in the final minutes of the documentary 'The
Fog of War,' where he appears to be affirming his latter-day acceptance that
Vietnam was a mistake, then he appears to take it back. I don't know what he's
saying there at the end. All I can conclude is that Vietnam invaded him and he
never understood the effect. It took 30 years to say it was a mistake, and he
said it thoughtfully and he said it well, but it was far more than a mistake. He
wasn't able to come to terms with it being his mistake, his disaster."

-- Tom Hayden, antiwar activist

"I ran into him in 1962 in Vietnam. He gave this extremely optimistic press
conference. I said to him, 'Mr. Secretary, how can you be so optimistic so
soon?' He said, 'Every indication we have shows we're winning this war.'

"Robert McNamara, to me, was a haunted man. He was haunted by the ghost of the
war in Vietnam, and he never managed to exorcise it. It was the defining
experience of his life. It was the major defining challenge of his life.

"He tried to exorcise the ghost of the war with his book on the war. The
exorcism didn't work. McNamara had an extremely powerful ego, and he couldn't
bring himself to apologize for what he'd done in Vietnam. He wrote what was an
excuse, it took the form of a purported explanation that came across as an
excuse.

"He was a man who wanted to do good and tried to do good, but he could never get
over that experience of Vietnam. When a public man fails in an experience that
big, and feels responsible for the losses -- tens of thousands of lives -- he
never gets over it."

-- Neil Sheehan, journalist and author of "A Bright Shining Lie"

"It was kind of a gossipy thing that Bob would go to cocktail parties and weep.
Bob had this weird tic, when he would talk about the war sometimes, he would not
weep so much as he would tear up. There was an emotional edge to his feelings.
What was so fascinating about it was that after this book was written that
stopped.

"What happened was that in early '90s, he decided to write a memoir. . . . He
went away and he came back with 100,000 words on Vietnam. . . . It was really
only at the end of that process that Bob could bring himself to say what became
the iconic signature of the book, which was the war was wrong, terribly wrong
and we owe it to future generations to explain why.

"Bob McNamara is the only one of the architects of the Vietnam War who went back
over the events of the time to say: Here's what we did wrong and these are the
lessons that should be learned from it. It took a lot of courage. I felt that
once he had done it, he was himself immensely relieved and I think the rest of
his life was easier for him because he had made his peace with what he had to
say.

"His work at the World Bank was a reflection of his determination to make some
sort of contribution to social and economic equality. . . . He was seeking
vindication, redemption. . . . Bob went on after Vietnam to do everything he
could to deal with poverty, to reduce the threat of nuclear proliferation and
generally leave the world a better place than he found it.

"Bob McNamara was hands-down the most controversial human being I have ever come
into close contact with. To this day there are people who, when you mention the
McNamara name, their jaws set and there is rage."

-- Peter Osnos, editor and publisher

"He was for me the greatest president of the World Bank. He changed the focus
from project to people and to concern about poverty. I always regarded him as a
compass for my work. I hope that his influence on the Bank never dies."

-- James Wolfensohn, former president of the World Bank

"Robert McNamara was noble man who did great services for his country and the
world in a turbulent period."

-- Henry Kissinger

"I knew Robert McNamara as president of the World Bank, a position in which I
believe he excelled over all others. He wisely and effectively used the
resources of the bank as it was designed, especially to improve the lives of the
most needy people and to ensure that loans and grants were expended effectively
by recipient governments. His personal involvement, or 'hands-on' approach, paid
rich dividends. One of his most notable projects, in which the Carter Center was
directly involved, was the crusade against onchocerciasis, or river blindness in
Africa. We have continued this effort in several African nations and in six
countries of South America."

-- Jimmy Carter

"What I did see was a kind of almost inflexible code. Before he ever came up to
Cambridge for the first interview, I had an odd experience. He agreed to come
up, but I believe he was confused and thought I was part of his book tour. He
had asked a number of people about me, and he was warned. He called me up and
said he was canceling the interview and went on and on and on about it. At the
very end, he said, 'But I said I'm doing it so I'll do it.' It's just typical!
He had this desire to -- I can't quite say argue -- but he would always be
endlessly negotiating. I told this story to a close friend of mine -- that whole
I can't do it, but I'm doing it anyway -- and my friend said to me, 'That's
right! That's the story of Vietnam!'

"McNamara saw himself as the servant of the president; he said many times he had
not been elected to public office, and I've come to believe that the impetus for
escalation came from Johnson and not McNamara. Here you have a man who may have
done something very important -- he was a moderating influence against the
possibility of nuclear conflict.

"History is extraordinarily complex and the problems he had to do deal with are
extraordinarily complex. He was reminding himself and me that war is, if
anything, the supreme example of unintended consequences. One of the reasons to
avoid war is that we don't know what it will bring.

"Knowing him is endlessly fascinating. Really having to make decisions that
involve the lives of millions of people. Most of us are lucky never to have been
put in that position. Yeah, I say lucky."

-- Errol Morris, filmmaker, "The Fog of War: Eleven Lessons from the Life of
Robert S. McNamara"

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Keith Jenkins -- The Washington Post; Robert McNamara in a
portrait taken in 1995, the year his memoir "In Retrospect" was published.
IMAGE; ""
IMAGE; ""
IMAGE; ""
IMAGE; ""
IMAGE; Associated Press; Robert McNamara accompanies President John F. Kennedy
in Hyannis Port, Mass., in 1961, below. McNamara is remembered differently by,
from left, historian Doris Kearns Goodwin, former World Bank president James
Wolfensohn, Jimmy Carter and documentary filmmaker Errol Morris, among others.
IMAGE; ""
IMAGE; ""

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             401 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 7, 2009 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Post-Bankruptcy GM Will Have Work Cut Out for It;
Carmaker Faces Stiff Competition With Fresh Start

BYLINE: Steven Mufson and Tomoeh Murakami Tse; Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 1228 words


The new General Motors hoping to emerge from bankruptcy this week will find
itself mired in a weak car market, besieged by competitors vying to eat up its
dwindling market share and pressed to change its corporate culture, all under
the eyes of a strange new government ownership structure.

General Motors won permission from a bankruptcy judge late Sunday night to sell
its most-prized assets -- including the Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet and GMC
brands -- to a new government-backed company, setting the stage for a historic
restructuring plan that is at the heart of the Obama administration's overhaul
of the ailing auto industry. And it will shed debt, dealerships, other brands
and many of its former labor obligations in an effort to become a leaner, more
effective competitor.

But analysts said the "new GM" will still have to deal with the same challenge
as its century-old predecessor: Designing quality cars consumers want to buy at
a price that will make the company profitable.

"Success is not just measured by cost cutting but by making a product that
people want to pay for," said Sean McAlinden, chief economist of Center for
Automotive Research.

"The easy stuff has been done now. Now comes the hard stuff," said Maryann N.
Keller, an independent auto analyst and consultant. "From the moment that [GM
chief executive] Fritz Henderson took over he had one job: To get the company
ready for bankruptcy and get it through. That has nothing to do with designing
or assembling or marketing cars."

The new GM will also be seeking to gain its footing in a highly competitive
environment. U.S. auto sales are on pace to fall short of 10 million vehicles
this year, the lowest level in more than a decade. And that has intensified the
rivalry among struggling manufacturers.

Ford Motor, the only one of the Detroit Three to avoid bankruptcy, has been
gaining U.S. market share. Fiat is breaking into the U.S. market through its new
alliance with Chrysler and is angling to expand in China, where GM is strong;
yesterday Fiat signed a $560 million joint venture deal with Guangzhou
Automobile Group to build 140,000 cars and 220,000 engines a year. And Chinese
automakers are also eyeing the U.S. market.

Meanwhile, Roger Penske, who has agreed to buy GM's Saturn dealer network, is
expected to make a deal with a manufacturer that currently lacks outlets.
"Whatever you flow through it will be something that wasn't flowing through it
before," Keller said of the Saturn network. "What was GM's now becomes a
competitor of GM."

The new GM will also have to overhaul its business model, which was built on a
global platform that assigned design and engineering tasks for small cars to its
South Korean unit, light trucks and crossovers to the U.S. operations, and
midsize cars to its Opel unit in Europe. But in bankruptcy, GM gave up its
controlling interest in Opel, raising questions about how GM will obtain
critical design and engineering.

Amid the uncertainties that lie ahead, U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Robert Gerber gave
GM the go-ahead to complete a deal that will allow it to emerge from bankruptcy.
His ruling came despite the objections of more than 850 parties and after three
straight days of hearings that ended just before the long holiday weekend. In a
95-page opinion, Gerber sided with lawyers for the Treasury Department and GM,
who argued that the government-orchestrated restructuring plan was the only
option available to save the largest U.S. automaker, once the crown jewel of
American manufacturing.

"The only alternative to an immediate sale is liquidation -- a disastrous result
for GM's creditors, its employees, the suppliers who depend on GM for their own
existence, and the communities in which GM operates," he wrote. "In the event of
a liquidation, creditors now trying to increase their incremental recoveries
would get nothing."

GM and the government hope to complete the sale transaction later this week, a
source familiar with the matter said. That would be a major victory for the
Obama administration, which recently completed a sale of Chrysler's assets to a
new company led by Italian automaker Fiat. If GM is able to execute its sale
this week, both automakers would have completed their trip through bankruptcy in
about 40 days -- an unusually speedy process.

"That's very good news for GM," said John Paul MacDuffie, associate professor of
management at University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School. "To the extent that
part of their problem was cost structure, ungainly size and too many brands,
this allows them a fresh start . . . and a chance to proclaim that it's a new
stage."

Gerber's decision could face appeals that would slow a deal. Steve Jakubowski, a
lawyer representing five product-liability claimants, filed a notice of appeal
with the bankruptcy court late Sunday. He said he was prepared to take the case
all the way to U.S. Supreme Court on an issue that Gerber acknowledged was
ambiguous.

Attorneys had argued that the "new GM" should be responsible for
product-liability claims arising from accidents involving GM cars. The issue has
galvanized consumer groups, which took their case to the airwaves and Congress.
Some plaintiffs showed up in court in wheelchairs. Late last month, the
government and GM reached an accord with states' attorneys general that would
allow those injured in accidents occurring after the sale to sue the new GM,
even if the accidents involve cars manufactured by the "old" GM.

Those appealing could face an uphill battle. Tort claimants and senior creditors
in the Chrysler case took their cases to U.S. Supreme Court last month,
threatening to delay the sale. Although the justices declined to hear the case,
they made clear that their decision, which was not based on the merits of the
arguments, affected only the Chrysler dispute.

But while Gerber said in his ruling that the successor liability issues were the
"only truly debatable issues in this case," he still sided with the government,
saying, "bankruptcy courts have the power to authorize sales of assets at a time
when there still is value to preserve -- to prevent the death of the patient on
the operating table."

The new GM would be 61-percent-owned by the federal government, which has
committed more than $50 billion to the restructuring. A health-care trust for
the United Auto Workers, GM bondholders and the Canadian government, which has
also provided funding, would get minority stakes.

The Obama administration has repeatedly said that it does not want to run GM and
that it planned to sell its government stake next year. But analysts questioned
whether the administration would try to influence the business, especially after
a Wall Street Journal article yesterday reported that top Tennessee officials
were recently told that GM would consider "community impact" and "carbon
footprint" in weighing whether to build compact cars in the state or in
Michigan. Ultimately GM chose Orion Township, Mich., located just 35 miles from
GM's corporate headquarters.

"If Washington owns it, it just can't keep its hands off," said Sen. Lamar
Alexander (R-Tenn.) in an interview yesterday. GM declined to elaborate on its
decision, but the state of Michigan and local officials offered hundreds of
million of dollars in business tax credits, worker training and other
incentives.

Staff writer Kendra Marr contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Jim R. Bounds -- Bloomberg News; A salesman looks out on a
Chevrolet dealership in Wake Forest, N.C., last month. A remade GM will be
competing with other carmakers for a shrinking market.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             402 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            June 24, 2009 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

3 Automakers Get Loans to Build More Efficient Cars

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A24

LENGTH: 816 words


Three automakers will receive nearly $8 billion in federal loans to boost
production of fuel-efficient vehicles in the United States.

This first tranche of a $25 billion program will help Ford, Nissan and Tesla
Motors offset the costs of retooling factories and creating advanced-technology
vehicles to meet the government's new fuel standards. The U.S. auto industry has
been awaiting this dispersal ever since Congress authorized the program in 2007.
But the money wasn't appropriated until last year, and the Energy Department has
been reviewing hundreds of applications.

"Transforming the American automobile industry will not be easy, but we know it
can be done," said Energy Secretary Steven Chu, addressing a crowd yesterday at
Ford's Research and Innovation Center in Dearborn, Mich.

The loans come as the U.S. auto industry is facing one of its biggest downturns.
Car companies are cutting production and laying off scores of employees.
President Obama yesterday signed an executive order to establish a White House
Council on Automotive Communities and Workers, an interagency committee tasked
with helping auto workers transition to new industries. Ed Montgomery, the
president's point man on distressed auto towns, will serve as the executive
director.

"I'm not going to sugarcoat this," said Vice President Biden, who was in Ohio
yesterday to make the announcement. "Manufacturing is facing one of its toughest
periods, in at least my lifetime."

Over the past decade, the manufacturing industry has lost more than 400,000
jobs. And the Obama administration has been pushing for new manufacturing
activity through loan programs, the president's stimulus funds and legislation
such as the cash-for-clunkers bill.

Under the Energy Department program, Ford will receive $5.9 billion through 2011
to revamp 11 factories in Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan, Missouri and Ohio. The
automaker will raise fuel economy for more than a dozen models, including the
Taurus and F-150. Chu said the loan will help place about 35,000 employees into
green engineering and manufacturing jobs.

"This is the kind of partnership that will help American manufacturing not just
survive, but thrive," said Ford chief executive Alan R. Mulally.

Nissan, a Japanese automaker, will receive $1.6 billion to build all-electric
cars and battery packs at its plant in Smyrna, Tenn. These all-electric cars
would get an equivalent of 350 miles per gallon. Nissan aims to build 150,000
vehicles each year, which would create up to 1,300 jobs in Smyrna. The loan will
also help the car company construct a new battery plant, which would build
200,000 batteries a year.

Tesla, a six-year-old start-up in San Carlos, Calif., will get $465 million. The
first part of the loan will finance a plant for its $49,900 Tesla Model S sedan,
an all-electric car that's half the price of the company's luxury electric
roadster. The sedan will get an equivalent of more than 250 mpg. By the end of
2013, Tesla aims to produce 20,000 vehicles each year, creating 1,000 jobs.

The second part of Tesla's loan will be used to build a facility to manufacture
battery packs and electric drive trains for Tesla and its partners, such as
Daimler. By 2013, Tesla aims to build 30,000 packs, and the new California
facility would employ 650 people.

Ann Mesnikoff, director of the Sierra Club's clean cars campaign, cheered the
administration's pick of a non-traditional car company such as Tesla.

"We need to get new companies who are manufacturing vehicles in a different
way," she said. "Tesla is focused on high-efficiency vehicles. It really has the
possibility to drive technology forward."

Chu said these loans help the auto industry "meet and even exceed" President
Obama's new fuel standards for cars, which will rise from 27.5 to 35 mpg by
2016.

The Energy Department is working with General Motors and Chrysler on their
applications for these retooling loans. The process has stalled in recent
months, as both automakers struggled to keep themselves afloat. The program
dictates that companies must be "financially viable" to receive the loans, so
the car companies would not qualify until they emerge from bankruptcy.

"We are trying to stretch the money as far as we can," Chu said.

But the program could grow. Sen. Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.) said the energy and
climate change bill currently being debated includes a provision to increase the
program's funding to $50 billion.

"It matters where things are made," she said. "We don't want to create
incentives for jobs to go overseas. We can do it in Michigan."

Yesterday, Rep. Gary Peters (D-Mich.) delivered a petition signed by 20,000
people to GM's headquarters urging the automaker to build its new line of small
cars at its plant in Orion Township, Mich. By the end of this month, GM is
expected to announce if it will use its facility there, or the one in Spring
Hill, Tenn., or Janesville, Wis.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             403 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 21, 2009 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Sedan Nods to Practicality, Roars With Sensuality

BYLINE: Warren Brown; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 693 words


Artifice has value, particularly in automotive journalism. I, for example, will
use any excuse to get behind the wheel of a new automobile, especially one as
beautiful as the 2010 Jaguar XF Premium sedan driven for this week's column.

Visually, it differs little from the 2009 Jaguar XF Supercharged sedan reviewed
in this space on April 27, 2008.

It matters not.

I wouldn't refuse a chance to drive a Jaguar XF any more than I'd turn down a
front-row ticket to a Tina Turner concert.

Tina on stage and the Jaguar XF Premium sedan on the road have commonality. Both
epitomize the difference between sex and sensuality. Sex is fleeting, often
forgettable. Sensuality speaks to the heart and soul. It is a memorable
experience, expressed thusly:

If you've seen Tina once, you'll want to see her again. If you've driven a
Jaguar XF sedan once -- the base XF, the tested XF Premium, or the truly exotic
XFR -- you'll want to drive one again. Any excuse that allows a repeat
experience is sufficient.

I had an excuse, albeit flimsy.

Jaguar, like many of its rivals, has been under government pressure to deliver
more fuel economy. But the trick for luxury brands is to do that without harming
their basic character -- what automotive marketers call "a car's DNA."

Historically, Jaguar's DNA has yielded rear-wheel-drive automobiles known for
their beauty, power and speed. But as a ward of Ford Motor, Jaguar fiddled with
that formula, offering models such as the front-wheel-drive X-Type and S-Type.

The "X" and "S" were "affordable" and offered better fuel economy in comparison
with traditional Jaguar standards. Stylistically, both cars were throwbacks to
the days when Jaguar signaled exclusion. But neither had an ounce of traditional
Jaguar panache, and both were weighted with fuel economy and performance no
better than ordinary front-wheel-drive, mid-size family sedans.

The novelty of the "X" and "S" wore off. Both were discontinued by the 2008
model year, when Ford, in search of cash, sold Jaguar to the Tata Group, a
multinational conglomerate based in Mumbai.

With the rear-wheel-drive XF Premium, Jaguar's designers once again are trying
to please the gods of fuel economy without offending those reigning over beauty,
power and speed. But it appears that the gods must be crazy.

The XF Premium comes with a new, 5-liter, 385-horsepower V-8 engine -- more than
enough power to satisfy motorists who want muscle, but who are not inclined to
show off by flexing their motorized biceps.

It is a noble effort, one that has emerald patina. But the XF Premium yields
only slightly better fuel economy than what is offered by the XFR with its
supercharged, 510-horsepower version of Jaguar's 5-liter V-8.

The XF Premium gets 16 miles per gallon in the city and 25 mpg on the highway.
The XFR gets 15 mpg in the city and 23 mpg on the highway. Both models require
premium unleaded gasoline.

The likelihood is that most fundamental Jaguar worshipers -- the people for whom
beauty, power and speed are sacred -- won't care. Such folks spend huge amounts
of money and time pursuing "Jaguarness" -- buying and selling Jaguar cars new
and old, collecting and displaying them at regional and national car shows,
getting together for "Jaguar weekends" and holding rallies crowned by festive
award dinners.

Such enthusiasts are deeply touched by details such as the contrast stitching on
the XF Premium's interior leather panels. That means some of them will be
disappointed by the inconsistent use of that technique in the XF Premium, which
features contrast stitching on dashboard- and door-panel coverings, but abandons
the technique on the car's leather-covered seats.

That might seem a silly concern to non-Jaguar people. But to the aficionados, it
is a deficiency worthy of demerits at regional and national Jaguar car shows.

All else about the XF Premium, including its glove compartment and cup holders
-- elegantly hidden behind and beneath soft-touch doors of ebony wood veneer --
meets show standards. The car is a classically beautiful piece of motorized art,
a luxury car that feints toward honoring practicality while sacrificing precious
little of its aesthetic appeal.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Courtesy Of Jaguar Land Rover

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             404 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 20, 2009 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

Tomorrow's Auto Industry

BYLINE: Ron Gettelfinger

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 816 words


Chrysler's alliance with Fiat, finalized this month, creates a fresh start for
the company and for tens of thousands of workers. A restructuring process is
also underway at General Motors  and is on track to proceed quickly.

The rapid turnarounds at GM and Chrysler are being accomplished with government
involvement and because a majority of industry stakeholders agreed, in advance,
to painful sacrifices.

More important, taxpayers -- who are providing billions of dollars to preserve a
critical U.S. manufacturing sector -- now have a right to ask: How will this be
different than previous attempts at restructuring?

Here's how:

Company creditors -- the U.S. government, bankers, bondholders and the trust
funds for United Auto Workers retirees -- have agreed to swap debt for equity at
Chrysler and GM, eliminating billions in liabilities. This will free up funds to
reinvest in the businesses and make private investment more attractive.

The companies will also reduce their operations, achieving significant cost
reductions at a severe human cost. In addition to lost jobs and tax revenue from
closed plants, suppliers and dealerships, there will be broad impact in affected
communities, ranging from farmers who once raised cattle to provide leather for
automobile seats to lost sales, jobs and income at family-owned restaurants and
groceries near closed facilities.

The companies will realize additional savings as a result of the labor
agreements ratified by UAW members this year, which come on top of concessions
made in 2005, 2007 and 2008. Workers have accepted frozen and reduced wages;
retirees living on fixed incomes will pay higher health-care costs.

While making necessary sacrifices, the restructured domestic auto industry is
now in a position to respond to critical environmental concerns. As part of new
UAW agreements, GM and Chrysler committed to produce new small cars in the
United States. Chrysler's alliance with Fiat will bring new fuel-efficient
technologies here; Ford is producing industry-leading hybrids, and GM will soon
introduce the Chevy Volt, the first mass-market electric-powered car.

These green technologies will help companies meet the rigorous national standard
for fuel economy and greenhouse gas emissions put forward by President Obama.
The new standard will reduce U.S. dependence on foreign oil and help combat
climate change.

Domestic automakers are ready to compete. But fair competition requires a level
playing field, which does not yet exist in the global auto industry.

Toyota, Honda, Nissan and other Japanese automakers, for example, sold an
astounding 94 percent of all passenger cars in Japan in 2008. Korean automakers
control 96 percent of auto sales in their home country. By contrast, Chrysler,
Ford and GM have a combined share of less than 50 percent of the U.S. auto
market.

The scarcity of U.S. vehicle sales in Asia did not come about because hardly
anybody in Korea or Japan wants a Chevy, a Ford or a Jeep. It happened because
Korea and Japan protect their home-country auto markets with currency
manipulation and non-tariff trade barriers. The result is an artificially high
price for U.S.-made vehicles overseas and a hidden subsidy worth thousands of
dollars per vehicle on cars and trucks imported into the United States.

American auto workers have no interest in a trade war or in erecting a
protectionist wall around the U.S. market. But other countries should treat U.S.
products fairly, and hidden subsidies should be brought into the open -- and
removed. We certainly don't need new trade deals, like the U.S.-Korea Free Trade
Agreement negotiated by President George W. Bush, that allow unfair trading
practices to continue.

Finally, while our new labor contracts will eliminate billions in health-care
costs for U.S. car companies, the fractured U.S. health-care system is beyond
repair by any one industry. Every other industrialized country has a universal
health-care system that provides quality care at a much lower cost than here in
the United States.

The United States spends more than $6,400 per person per year on health care,
even though millions have no health insurance. In Germany, where everyone is
covered, it's less than $3,300 a person; in Japan, under $2,400. There's no
evidence that citizens of these advanced industrialized nations receive
lower-quality care as a result of these more cost-effective expenditures.

Excess health-care costs are a burden on every U.S. employer. Comprehensive
national health-care reform has never been more urgent -- both for the sake of
the uninsured and to reduce costs for U.S. companies.

American auto workers have made changes in our workplaces and in our industry.
Now it's time for Washington to do the same, with changed policies on trade and
health care that will create a level playing field for U.S. manufacturers.

The writer is president of the United Auto Workers.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             405 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 19, 2009 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Judge Grants GM Approval to Cancel Jet Leases;
Chrysler Recently Terminated Its Aircraft Deals; Ford Seeks to Sell Its Planes

BYLINE: Tomoeh Murakami Tse; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 415 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK, June 17


General Motors executives will now fly commercial.

In a move that reflects the leaner company GM is seeking to become, the
automaker on Thursday sought approval from a federal bankruptcy judge to
terminate leases for all seven of its corporate aircraft, plus a hangar at a
Detroit airport. Facing no objections, Judge Robert Gerber granted the request
during a hearing in a Lower Manhattan courtroom that lasted less than 10
minutes.

"The new GM will have no jets -- we're all flying Delta," GM spokesman Tom
Wilkinson said in an interview.

Then-GM chief executive G. Richard Wagoner Jr. had been assailed by lawmakers at
a hearing in November when he and other auto executives flew to Washington on
private jets to ask for government funds. In March, Wagoner was pushed out by
the Obama administration, which has pumped billions of dollars into GM and
Chrysler.

In a recent court filing, GM said it was exercising "sound business judgment" in
seeking to end the contracts. "The leases are not necessary or valuable to
[GM's] business activities," the automaker said in the filing.

Corporate America has long argued that using private jets is a safety precaution
and a way to maximize busy executives' time by allowing them to avoid delays at
crowded airports.

Asked if it was in the best interest of shareholders for GM executives to spend
time grounded at commercial airports, Wilkinson said: "It's necessary at this
point. Flying on private jets is not tenable . . . It was made very clear that
the use of private jets was a political hot potato."

Chrysler also recently terminated its two aircraft leases. A spokesman for Ford,
the only one of the Big Three Detroit automakers that hasn't taken taxpayer
funds, said the company is seeking to sell its five jets, which have been
grounded since late last year. Ford's chairman and chief executive have been
chartering flights on an as-needed basis, the company said.

Thursday's bankruptcy hearing was GM's second court appearance since filing for
protection on June 1. The largest U.S. automaker is seeking to reorganize by
selling most of its assets to a new company in which the U.S. government will
have 60 percent ownership.

Separately on Thursday, Chrysler appeared before U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Arthur
Gonzalez in a nearby courtroom to begin the process of sorting out the assets
and debt that remain with the company. After a speedy bankruptcy proceeding,
most of Chrysler's assets were sold last week to a new company headed by Italy's
Fiat.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Andre J. Jackson -- Detroit Free Press; Then-GM chief
executive G. Richard Wagoner Jr. was assailed in November when he and other auto
executives flew to Washington on private jets to ask for government aid.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             406 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 16, 2009 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended
                                Regional Edition

Art of the Deal;
Trade should be on President Obama's agenda with South Korea.

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 548 words


SOUTH KOREAN President Lee Myung-bak arrives in Washington today, with the North
Korean nuclear threat at the top of his agenda with President Obama. This is as
it should be: In recent weeks,  North Korea has tested a long-range missile and
an atomic device, and, when confronted with new U.N.  sanctions, it declared its
intention to enrich uranium -- something it had previously denied doing -- and
"weaponize" plutonium. Past agreements with North Korea to trade food, fuel and
diplomatic concessions for a nuclear freeze appear to have collapsed. South
Korea and the United States, longtime  allies, need to stand together against
this latest spasm of belligerence from Pyongyang.

That is all the more reason for the two sides to take a fresh look at another
issue that has at times divided them: trade. In 2007, the Bush administration
inked a free-trade agreement with Mr. Lee's predecessor. The United States and
South Korea currently do about $101 billion worth of business with each other.
Under the trade pact, nearly 95 percent of consumer and industrial products
would be duty-free within three years, and most remaining tariffs would
disappear within 10. The U.S. International Trade Commission estimates that the
deal would add $10 billion to $12 billion to U.S. gross domestic product, and
$10 billion to merchandise exports to Korea. Given the current plight of the
economy, it's little wonder that the vast majority of U.S. businesses support
the pact: It would be a powerful job creator.

On both sides, however, protectionist voices have made themselves heard. A year
ago, opponents nearly toppled Mr. Lee's government with violent demonstrations
over claims that U.S. beef imports were tainted with mad-cow disease. But Mr.
Lee, who faced down the riots, firmly supports the trade deal, and his party
controls the Korean national legislature, so ratification is likely in Seoul. In
Congress, however, the Democratic majority has balked in the face of opposition
from the United Auto Workers and one U.S. automaker, Ford. The UAW and Ford say
the deal doesn't guarantee access to South Korea for U.S. cars. But the deal
slashes tariffs and discriminatory taxes in Korea. What Ford and the UAW fear is
competition from Korean imports -- which benefits U.S. consumers and spurs U.S.
automakers to make better products. In any case, the agreement permits the
United States to reimpose auto tariffs if South Korea treats U.S. companies
unfairly.

As a candidate, President Obama opposed the agreement. His U.S. trade
representative, Ron Kirk, has said the deal "just simply isn't fair." But that
was before North Korea began its current aggressive campaign, the probable goal
of which is dividing Seoul and Washington. (Another new development: The U.S.
government is on its way to owning 60 percent of General Motors,  whose South
Korean-based Daewoo subsidiary sold more than 100,000 vehicles in the United
States last year.) The Obama administration has adjusted its stated position,
saying that it will look for ways to meet U.S. opponents' concerns -- without
renegotiating the whole deal -- then reengage with the Koreans. Considering the
trade agreement's potential to create jobs for Americans, and to improve ties
with a key ally in Asia, that process needs to move quickly.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

CORRECTION-DATE: June 17, 2009



CORRECTION: A June 16 editorial incorrectly said that only Ford among U.S.
automakers had objected to a free-trade agreement with South Korea. Chrysler
also opposed the proposed accord.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             407 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 14, 2009 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Automakers Need to Master the Hot-Rod and the Hybrid

BYLINE: Warren Brown

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 862 words


Electric cars -- all-electric, gas-electric hybrid, and plug-in electric
extended range models -- are becoming more popular. In some cases -- the new
Ford Fusion Hybrid mid-size sedan and the revised Honda Insight Hybrid are
examples -- they also are becoming more affordable, a welcome development that
is bound to increase their appeal in the marketplace.

But cars powered by fossil-fuel engines, gasoline and diesel models chief among
them, will continue to rule the road for the foreseeable future.

Thus, we have a General Motors apparently at odds with itself.

The company appears to be betting its future on the plug-in electric Chevrolet
Volt, a mid-size family sedan scheduled for market in calendar year 2010.
Pre-production models of the Volt, driven for this column, can run 40 miles at
highway speeds on electric power only.

That means most U.S. commuters, who drive less than 40 miles daily, can motor
between work and home all week without using a single drop of gasoline. That's a
big deal for energy conservation and the air we breathe. Fewer exhaust fumes
from automotive tailpipes mean cleaner air.

But the same GM that is going "green" with the Volt is winning kudos from
automotive enthusiasts for its new, 426-horsepower Chevrolet Camaro SS sports
coupe, a car that gets 16 miles per gallon in the city and 24 miles per gallon
on the highway sucking premium unleaded gasoline "for best performance."

That seems to be a contradiction, a form of corporate schizophrenia that some in
the media, including this fine journal, say characterizes GM's historical
two-step dance -- one step forward, another step back -- with progress. But
there's nothing contradictory, nor schizophrenic about it.

The truth is that no traditional, mass-market car company -- neither GM, nor
Ford, nor Toyota, to name a few -- can survive in today's market selling only
electric cars or other "green" automobiles. There are too many buyers out there
hankering for the power, feel and sound of a big fossil-fuel engine endowed with
big horsepower and lots of torque.

To ignore those people is to leave money on the table. Most automobile
manufacturers, foreign and domestic, are not going to do that, especially not in
a market that worships cheap gasoline.

That explains why Ford has the 315-horsepower Mustang GT sports coupe (combined
19 miles per gallon city/highway) and the Ford Fusion Hybrid mid-size family
sedan. The Fusion Hybrid gets 41 miles per gallon in the city, where its
electrical system does most of the work. It gets 39 miles per gallon on the
highway, where its 2.5-liter, 191-horsepower, inline four-cylinder engine
carries most of the load.

Similar pairings are seen throughout today's automobile industry. Toyota, for
example, has won environmental laurels, which it has worn proudly and much to
its marketing advantage, for its gas-electric hybrid Prius compact sedan (51
miles per gallon in the city, where it does its best work; 48 miles per gallon
on the highway, where the driving load shifts to its 1.8-liter, 134 horsepower,
inline four-cylinder engine).

But Toyota just as aggressively has pursued fiscal greenery through sales of
models such as its FJ Cruiser mid-size sport-utility vehicle (4-liter,
239-horsepower V-6, 16 miles per gallon city/20 miles per gallon highway) and
its giant Land Cruiser SUV (5.7-liter, 381-horsepower V-8, 13 miles per gallon
city/18 miles per gallon highway).

The bottom line is that automobile manufacturers will make whatever automobile
consumers will take. Government regulation can shape consumer choices. But
ultimately, consumers control the market.

At the moment, even in these dire economic times, those consumers are asking for
power and fuel economy, trucks and fuel-sippers, land yachts such as the Toyota
Land Cruiser and cars as tiny as the Smart ForTwo.

Electric models, regardless of their configuration, have won their place in the
market. But anyone thinking that electric vehicles are little more than creepy,
go-slow, environmental science projects on wheels had better think again.

Small, independent car companies such as California-based Tesla Motors and AFS
Trinity Power of Bellevue, Wash., have come up with electric models that give
their gasoline counterparts a very fast run for the money. Tesla's all-electric
sports cars have succeeded enough in that endeavor to attract the attention of
Porsche, the longtime German leader of high-performance motoring.

Porsche has purchased one Tesla sports car "for study." Depending on how that
study turns out, Porsche might make a substantial investment in Tesla, according
to industry sources.

After driving an "extreme hybrid" AFS Trinity version of a Saturn Vue SUV, which
beats all GM Saturn Vue models in fuel-economy and straight-line acceleration,
here's suggesting that the Penske Group, Saturn's new owner, get in contact with
AFS Trinity.

Penske's business acumen combined with AFS Trinity's wizardry in turning an
electric vehicle into something hot-rod junkies want to drive could eliminate
any contradiction, real or imagined, between the pursuit of power and fun in
motoring and the quest for fuel efficiency.

The truth is that consumers want both.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Gary Cameron -- Reuters; GM appears at odds with itself with
its gas-guzzling Chevy Camaro, above, and its in-progress Volt electric plug-in.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             408 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 3, 2009 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Ford Making Inroads Despite Slump;
Automaker's Market Share, Production Increasing as Rivals Are Struggling

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 700 words


Ford continued to pinch business from its struggling crosstown rivals last
month, increasing its share of the U.S. auto market to its highest percentage in
three years.

The automaker now controls 15.1 percent of the marketplace, and some analysts
predict that Ford could leap past General Motors in sales by the end of the
year.

Ford has been able to survive without government aid, as its competitors have
buckled. In May, Chrysler entered bankruptcy protection. And GM was not far
behind, culminating with a Chapter 11 filing on Monday.

Ford insists that its products, not its rivals' financial troubles, are driving
sales. But regardless of the reason, it plans to capitalize. As GM and Chrysler
close and idle plants this summer, Ford announced yesterday that it will be
ramping up its North American production by 10,000 vehicles in the second
quarter. In the third quarter, it plans to make 42,000 more vehicles than it did
a year ago.

Across the industry,  companies sold 1,397,033 cars and trucks in the United
States, a 33.7 percent decline from May 2008, according to preliminary data
released yesterday by research firm Autodata. But analysts noted that sales for
many firms improved from a month earlier, a silver lining in an otherwise bleak
economic downturn. Ford's May sales dropped 24.2 percent from a year ago. But
sales have improved since April, making May the highest sales month since July.

GM also hit its best sales month of this year, despite sales falling 28.7
percent compared with  a year ago. (The monthly figure for total car sales also
translates into an annualized rate of 9.9 million cars, close to a level at
which the  automaker says a restructured GM can once again be profitable.)

Chrysler, whose market share totals 10.2 percent, said its sales dropped 46.9
percent after rental car firms and other fleet buyers passed up purchases.
Individual sales were the best all year, as the automaker cut 789 dealers, who
then offered deep discounts this month to move their inventories.

Foreign automakers also suffered last month. Toyota's sales fell 40.7 percent,
and Honda's were down 41.5 percent. Nissan's tumbled 33.1 percent.

"The May results should be interpreted with some caution, given the current
volatility in the marketplace," said Emily Kolinski Morris, Ford's senior U.S.
economist.

Currently, GM controls 19.5 percent of the marketplace -- a dramatic decline
from the days when  it made half the cars on American roads.

As GM goes through the bankruptcy process, it expects to lose some market share.
It is phasing out Pontiac and selling off Hummer, Saab and Saturn to focus on
four core brands: Chevrolet, Buick, Cadillac and GMC. But the company doesn't
expect it to fall below 16 percent, said Mark LaNeve, GM's vice president of
North American sales and marketing.

For months, GM executives have warned that the drumbeat of bad news, especially
bankruptcy speculation, was hurting auto sales.

Yet last month, GM gained small percentages of market share in Europe, Asia,
South America and the United States. LaNeve said it  showed that consumers have
become "somewhat desensitized" to Chapter 11 filings.

"I think it's become clear to the consumer that we're going to emerge from this,
and that we are going to be around to keep providing products to the
marketplace," he said.

Ed Kim, an AutoPacific analyst, said it was too early to tell whether consumers
have changed their minds.

"Now that GM is officially in bankruptcy, my hunch is that they're trying to
publicly butter up the situation as much as they can," he said. "Before they
were urging the media not to use the 'B word' because they were well aware of
the consumer perceptions of it."

Following Chrysler's bankruptcy, 63 percent of consumers expressed concern about
buying a Chrysler, according to an AutoPacific survey conducted in mid-May. As
chatter grew that GM would follow Chrysler, 54 percent said they were worried
about purchasing GM vehicles, and just 13 percent expressed concern about buying
from Ford.

Now that Chrysler has emerged from bankruptcy, the automaker is expecting sales
to pick up. It plans to reopen idled plants by the end of June, executive vice
president Steven Landry said.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Kevin Clark -- The Washington Post; Kwangshil Seo, left, and
Dongsoo Jeon, standing with Jeoungwoo Seo, talk with Sam Lee at Miller Toyota
Scion in Manassas. Toyota sales fell 40 percent.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             409 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 31, 2009 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

In the Global Auto Industry, Most Labels Don't Stick

BYLINE: Warren Brown

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 1005 words


Buried under the current global economic collapse is the debris of conventional
wisdom. Consider, for example, the wreckage of the automobile industry.

You'll notice that I said "the automobile industry," as opposed to "Detroit" or
"the Big Three" -- references to a car business that hasn't existed for at least
a decade.

"Detroit" became truly global in the past 10 years with the streamlining and
more thorough integration of worldwide operations at General Motors and Ford.
Chrysler, as noted in this space on several occasions, for the past 22 years has
attempted to become a global company primarily through merging with a foreign
partner.

In its bid for a quick exit from Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization, Chrysler
-- once an "ally" with French automobile manufacturer Renault before becoming a
cuckolded "equal" in a merger with Germany's Daimler-Benz -- is trying again,
this time with Italian automobile manufacturer Fiat.

The bottom line is that all three U.S.-spawned companies -- GM, Ford and
Chrysler -- will survive in whole or in part as reconstituted international
operations.

"In whole" refers to GM, regardless of whether it completes its current
restructuring in or out of bankruptcy court.

Conventional wisdom says that the New General Motors (NGM) will be a much
smaller company, because it has divested, or is in the process of divesting,
certain properties held by the old company. Gone or going are the old GM's Opel,
Saab and Vauxhall operations in Europe, as well as its Saturn, Pontiac and
Hummer franchises in the United States.

NGM, ironically, will resemble the old, U.S.-centric GM, a company focused on
home-grown American brands -- Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet and GMC trucks. That
looks like a retreat. But it isn't.

Buick is one of the most popular brands in China, the world's fastest-growing
automotive market. Chevrolet is now a global brand, selling worldwide in much
the manner that Toyota (more on that later), Honda, Nissan, Volkswagen and
Mercedes-Benz are marketed worldwide. Ditto Cadillac.

That being the case, it makes good sense for NGM to get cash by selling off
Opel, Saab and Vauxhall in Europe. Given the global automobile industry's
interdependent nature -- rival companies using many of the same suppliers for
components, for example -- NGM could always turn to one of its former European
properties for needed parts or desired design and development work.

"In whole" also refers to Ford, which turns out to have had the good fortune of
being on the brink of bankruptcy three years ago. That early life on the
precipice forced Ford to bring in new management, represented by Alan Mulally,
who joined Ford as president and chief executive in September 2006 after serving
as chief executive of Boeing's commercial airlines operations.

Ford is a car company, but Mulally taught it how to fly. He quickly jettisoned
excess baggage -- cost-weighty prestige brands such as Aston Martin, Jaguar and
Land Rover. He literally mortgaged the company, borrowing billions of dollars
from banks and other financial institutions. The borrowed money, none of it from
the government, was used to improve product quality and roll out new products,
such as the Ford Fusion Hybrid mid-size sedan.

Ford's products, the little Fiesta and Focus cars are examples, are now among
the best-selling automobiles in Europe. The Focus has been the best-selling car
in Russia.

But honorifics such as "best-selling" and "best quality" and "invulnerable"
constitute transient praise in a highly competitive, capital-intensive
automobile industry, especially one wracked by a disastrous collapse of global
sales. Consider Toyota.

I hate to say, "I told you so." But, hey, I told you so repeatedly in this
space, as well as in my "On Wheels" review column: Toyota and the old GM have
more in common than the media and many of our politicians, such as House Speaker
Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and President Barack Obama, would have you believe.

Toyota and the old GM, to their detriment, relied on sales of big trucks and
sport-utility vehicles. But Toyota cleverly concealed that reliance by hyping
its gas-electric hybrid Prius car, proudly wearing the cape of the industry's
green champion while collecting as much fiscal green as possible through sales
of models such as its Highlander and FJ Cruiser sport-utility vehicles and its
Tacoma and Tundra pickup trucks.

When U.S. gasoline prices spiked last summer, Toyota was just as exposed to
sales disruption as the old GM. Truck sales, all truck sales, slowed to a
miserable trickle. Toyota's plans to build a truck plant in Mississippi were
scrapped in favor of using that plant to roll out more fuel-efficient Prius
cars.

But U.S. gasoline prices dropped just as quickly in the fall of 2008 as they
rose in the summer of that year, quashing Toyota's Prius plant plans in the
process. The lesson: Toyota was no better at guessing a market immersed in cheap
gasoline than was the old GM.

Those mistakes, combined with unfavorable currency exchange rates and Toyota's
insistence on exporting more cars from Japan (60 percent of home production)
than it builds abroad, resulted in a $4.4 billion loss for Toyota in the fiscal
year that ended in March.

It gets worse: Toyota lost $7.7 billion in its last quarterly reporting period.
It expects to lose $5.5 billion in the fiscal year ending March 2010.

Unlike the old GM and Chrysler, Toyota, buoyed by decades of strong profits, is
not likely to drown in red ink and file for bankruptcy protection. But it is no
longer considered "invulnerable" or somehow immune from corporate error.

Executives of NGM, and whatever constitutes the new Chrysler, should keep that
in mind as they go about their future business. No one has a corner on common
sense, innovation, supplier and consumer relations, and product quality. No car
or truck is "best" simply because it comes from Asia, Europe or North America.

Appropriately, "best" in the automobile industry is a rolling target. It always
has been and always will be -- in times good or bad.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By David Zalubowski -- Associated Press; A shopper passed by
unsold Tacoma trucks at a Toyota dealership in Colorado in 2008. Toyota and the
old GM were both hurt by relying on trucks and SUVs.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             410 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 31, 2009 Sunday
                                Bulldog Edition

Suppliers Brace for GM Bankruptcy Blow

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 671 words


Auto parts suppliers, pummeled by the global slump in vehicle sales, will soon
face a new menace to their survival: General Motors' bankruptcy.

GM is likely to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Monday. And
suppliers could suffer if the automaker, following Chrysler's example, slashes
more production by shuttering plants until it emerges from court.

GM shares more than half of its 1,500 North American suppliers with Chrysler and
Ford, according to CSM Worldwide.

"You'll have a tough time finding a supplier that isn't touched by GM,"  CSM
auto analyst Mike Wall said.

The industry is already suffering. Plagued by manufacturing cutbacks and falling
profits, Ford's largest supplier, Visteon, filed for Chapter 11 protection in
U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware on Thursday, while  Metaldyne, another
Michigan company, filed in New York.

"Visteon and Metaldyne are just the beginning," said Ann Wilson, senior vice
president of government affairs for the Motor and  Equipment Manufacturers
Association. "We're talking 50 to 60 suppliers that will probably file in the
next few months. Some will go straight to liquidation. Small companies will just
close. But a number will enter the bankruptcy process, and it's important it's
done with the same thought and care  that's been afforded to GM and Chrysler."

Last year about 40 suppliers sought bankruptcy protection, according to the
manufacturers association. At least 20 filed in the first four months of this
year.

The association plans  to meet lawmakers  next month in hopes  that they will
pass an  incentive program, like cash-for-clunkers, to reverse weak U.S. new-car
sales.

Following Chrysler's bankruptcy, small auto parts makers have appealed to
lawmakers for federal aid. Chrysler's bankruptcy judge approved a motion that
will pay some of its biggest venders, who make key modules such as  dashboards,
for shipped parts. Yet small companies, contracted to make the screws for those
dashboards, say the money isn't trickling down.

GM is wrestling with its spun-off supplier Delphi, which filed for Chapter 11 in
2005 and still has not emerged. GM has poured millions of dollars into Delphi,
and under a deal this week with its union, GM may take ownership of five Delphi
plants.

Yesterday, its bankruptcy judge delayed a scheduled hearing on Delphi, which is
seeking an extension or waiver from its lenders, until Tuesday.  Delphi
continues to work with its lenders, GM and the president's auto task force to
resolve the remaining elements of its Chapter 11 case, but said it could default
on its bankruptcy loans early next week if it does not reach an agreement with
the Treasury Department and GM by Monday.

Visteon, which spun off Ford in 2000, will continue operations with the help of
Ford. While the automaker has not disclosed the amount it will provide, Ford
expects Visteon's other customers to also help with debtor-in-possession
financing.

"Ford's top priority is to ensure we have sufficient parts and material to
protect our production,"  purchasing executive Tony Brown said in the statement.
Ford may provide $500 million to $700 million, based on  Visteon's recent cash
performance,  Brian Johnson, a Barclays Capital analyst, wrote in a note.

Visteon's filing listed $5.32 billion in liabilities, including $862 million
owed to bondholders. Visteon hasn't reported an annual profit since it was spun
off. Yesterday, Visteon's bankruptcy judge authorized the supplier to continue
paying wages and other obligations.

Metaldyne, which has secured $18.5 million in debtor-in-possession financing,
intends to sell a majority of its business as its parent company, Asahi Tec,
shifts its focus to its Japanese businesses. Private-equity firms RHJ
International and the Carlyle Group have separately submitted letters of intent
to purchase different assets.

Metaldyne had  $939 million in liabilities as of Dec. 31,  a statement on the
Tokyo Stock exchange said. GM is owed $9.75 million and Ford is owed $22.75
million, according to the bankruptcy filing.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             411 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 30, 2009 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Auto Suppliers Brace for Blow of GM Bankruptcy

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 694 words


Auto parts suppliers, pummeled by the global slump in vehicle sales, will soon
face a new menace to their survival: General Motors' bankruptcy.

GM is likely to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Monday. And
suppliers could suffer if the automaker, following Chrysler's example, slashes
more production by shuttering plants until it emerges from court.

GM shares more than half of its 1,500 North American suppliers with Chrysler and
Ford, according to CSM Worldwide.

"You'll have a tough time finding a supplier that isn't touched by GM,"  CSM
auto analyst Mike Wall said.

The industry is already suffering. Plagued by manufacturing cutbacks and falling
profits, Ford's largest supplier, Visteon, filed for Chapter 11 protection in
U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware on Thursday, while  Metaldyne, another
Michigan company, filed in New York.

"Visteon and Metaldyne are just the beginning," said Ann Wilson, senior vice
president of government affairs for the Motor and  Equipment Manufacturers
Association. "We're talking 50 to 60 suppliers that will probably file in the
next few months. Some will go straight to liquidation. Small companies will just
close. But a number will enter the bankruptcy process, and it's important it's
done with the same thought and care  that's been afforded to GM and Chrysler."

Last year about 40 suppliers sought bankruptcy protection, according to the
manufacturers association. At least 20 filed in the first four months of this
year.

The association plans  to meet lawmakers  next month in hopes  that they will
pass an  incentive program, like cash-for-clunkers, to reverse weak U.S. new-car
sales.

Following Chrysler's bankruptcy, small auto parts makers have appealed to
lawmakers for federal aid. Chrysler's bankruptcy judge approved a motion that
will pay some of its biggest venders, who make key modules such as  dashboards,
for shipped parts. Yet small companies, contracted to make the screws for those
dashboards, say the money isn't trickling down.

GM is wrestling with its spun-off supplier Delphi, which filed for Chapter 11 in
2005 and still has not emerged. GM has poured millions of dollars into Delphi,
and under a deal this week with its union, GM may take ownership of five Delphi
plants.

Yesterday, its bankruptcy judge delayed a scheduled hearing on Delphi, which is
seeking an extension or waiver from its lenders, until Tuesday.  Delphi
continues to work with its lenders, GM and the president's auto task force to
resolve the remaining elements of its Chapter 11 case, but said it could default
on its bankruptcy loans early next week if it does not reach an agreement with
the Treasury Department and GM by Monday.

Visteon, which spun off Ford in 2000, will continue operations with the help of
Ford. While the automaker has not disclosed the amount it will provide, Ford
expects Visteon's other customers to also help with debtor-in-possession
financing.

"Ford's top priority is to ensure we have sufficient parts and material to
protect our production,"  purchasing executive Tony Brown said in the statement.
Ford may provide $500 million to $700 million, based on  Visteon's recent cash
performance,  Brian Johnson, a Barclays Capital analyst, wrote in a note.

Visteon's filing listed $5.32 billion in liabilities, including $862 million
owed to bondholders. Visteon hasn't reported an annual profit since it was spun
off. Yesterday, Visteon's bankruptcy judge authorized the supplier to continue
paying wages and other obligations.

Metaldyne, which has secured $18.5 million in debtor-in-possession financing,
intends to sell a majority of its business as its parent company, Asahi Tec,
shifts its focus to its Japanese businesses. Private-equity firms RHJ
International and the Carlyle Group have separately submitted letters of intent
to purchase  assets. Carlyle has proposed purchasing Metaldyne's chassis
business in the United States, Mexico and Spain, Metaldyne said, without
disclosing the price.

Metaldyne had  $939 million in liabilities as of Dec. 31,  a statement on the
Tokyo Stock exchange said. GM is owed $9.75 million and Ford is owed $22.75
million, according to the bankruptcy filing.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Paul Sakuma -- Associated Press; Visteon, Ford's top supplier
and maker of radio navigation systems, has already filed for Chapter 11
protection as it struggles with a drop in sales.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             412 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 29, 2009 Friday
                                 Met 2 Edition

National Briefing

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 551 words


ECONOMY

Durable Goods Orders Increase in April

New orders for durable goods posted their biggest increase last month since
December 2007, the latest sign that manufacturing's decline is easing despite
the impending bankruptcy of the nation's largest automaker.

Orders for durable goods -- those made to last three years or longer -- are a
closely watched barometer of future manufacturing activity. In April, they rose
by a larger-than-expected margin of 1.9 percent, the Commerce Department
reported yesterday.

The increase was driven by a huge surge in defense orders, which can change
dramatically from one month to the next. Orders for March were revised down to
minus 2.1 percent, far lower than previously estimated.

Analysts, however, saw yesterday's report as encouraging. "Let's not say it's
great news because it went up, but it's good news because we're no longer
falling," said Joel Naroff, president of Naroff Economic Advisors.

-- Annys Shin

AUTOMOTIVE

Ford Supplier Visteon Files  for Chapter 11

Visteon, the top auto parts supplier and former subsidiary of Ford Motor, has
filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection as it struggles with a drop in sales
to ailing automakers. Ford said the company's Chapter 11 filing has not
disrupted the flow of parts to its assembly plants.

-- Associated Press

INVESTING

AIG to Shed Stake In Transatlantic

American International Group filed to sell a stake of almost $1 billion in its
majority-owned reinsurer Transatlantic Holdings. AIG may sell 26 million shares,
Transatlantic said in a regulatory filing. That stake is valued at about $985
million based on yesterday's close of $37.87. AIG holds about 39 million shares,
or 59 percent of Transatlantic, the reinsurer said.

AIG is seeking to divest assets including non-U.S. life insurers and a
plane-leasing unit to repay a government bailout of as much as $182.5 billion.

-- Bloomberg News

Pimco  Chief Looks at Harvard, Yale Holdings

Bill Gross, co-chief investment officer of Pimco,  said endowments managed by
Yale and Harvard universities might have to reduce their investments in hedge
funds and other hard-to-sell investments because their risks outweigh the
possible rewards.

"The Yale and Harvard portfolios, which have succeeded enormously over the past
10 or 20 years in terms of the emphasis on illiquidity and private investments
and risk-taking -- you have to question that model," Gross said.

-- Bloomberg News

LEGAL

Cuban Sues SEC For Papers on Probe

Mark Cuban, the billionaire owner of the Dallas Mavericks, sued the SEC claiming
the agency is withholding documents about an insider-trading investigation of
him.

Cuban's complaint, filed in federal court, seeks documents including records of
any investigations of Copernic, formerly known as Mamma.com, HDNet, his National
Basketball Association team and other entities he owns or controls.

-- Bloomberg News

CURRENCY

Yen Posts Big Drop as Investors Look Abroad

The yen fell the most in eight weeks against the dollar and declined against the
euro on speculation that Japanese investors will buy more overseas assets on
signs the global recession is easing.

-- Bloomberg News

Dell earnings sank for the three months ended May 1 sank to $290 million, or 15
cents a share, from $784 million the year before. Revenue sank 23 percent, to
$12.34 billion.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Paul Sakuma -- Associated Press; Visteon, a former subsidiary
of Ford Motor, filed for bankruptcy protection.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             413 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 17, 2009 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Every Edition

Huckster Image Hurts Dealers Today, Automakers Tomorrow

BYLINE: Warren Brown

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 1066 words


Horace Hull and partner James "Jimmy" Dobbs did much to ruin the image of
automobile dealers past and present. At their Hull-Dobbs Ford Agency on Union
Avenue in Memphis, they developed a high-pressure selling technique called "The
System," also known as "The Drill."

Most of today's successful dealers have long abandoned that squeeze-the-consumer
sales approach. But many feel they are now being haunted by the ghosts of that
ugly past, allowing them to be portrayed as disposable bad actors in a domestic
automobile industry fighting to stay alive in a national economy desperately
struggling to do the same.

It started in the 1940s. The nation was fighting in World War II. An America
that had mastered assembly-line production in the manufacture of Chevrolet, Ford
and Chrysler automobiles had turned those skills and the car plants in which
they were used into the assembly of tanks and war planes.

New-car customers were as hard to find as new cars during those times. To keep
their business going, Hull and Dobbs figured they had to keep a loyal, motivated
sales staff. To do that, they did a seemingly good thing. They turned to profit
sharing, allowing their salespeople to retain a share of the profits from every
car and truck sold.

But greed joined forces with opportunity as the war ended. There was a pent-up
demand for new cars and trucks in a victorious America. The Hull-Dobbs salesmen
-- they were all men on the showroom floor back then -- were ready. They were
determined to squeeze maximum profit, awarded to them via individual
commissions, from every vehicle sold.

"The System" was simple in execution. It required "unhorsing" the consumer,
separating him from the keys to his old car, often through the ruse of the
dealership needing those keys to examine the old car for possible trade-in
value.

"Detention" followed. It involved holding the consumer in the dealership through
a variety of scams, such as the trade-in evaluation wait-time gimmick, the
"checking with my manager" routine, etc.

Next was "putting on the pressure," an especially useful sales tool in the
immediate postwar era, when new cars were in short supply. "If you don't buy it,
the next guy will."

Finally, the "release": The customer, unhorsed and pummeled, his mind thoroughly
messed with, was let go to go forth in his sparkling new ride at maximum profit
to the dealership and its sales staff.

"The System" flourished in the 1950s and 1960s, especially among retailers of
domestic automobiles, whose manufacturers controlled 85 percent -- some auto
industry analysts claim 90 percent -- of the U.S. auto market.

And those manufacturers -- General Motors, Ford and Chrysler -- battled for
market share by setting up as many dealerships as possible, often establishing
two or more in the same community.

There were 36,000 domestic and import dealers in the United States in 1960, with
the lion's share of those belonging to retailers of domestic vehicles. But by
1987 -- ravaged by intermittent recessions, drastically declining market shares
of the domestic automobile companies, and the evolution of mom-and-pop
dealerships into chain stores and publicly traded enterprises, the number of
franchised new-car dealers had fallen to 25,150, according to figures compiled
by the McLean-based National Automobile Dealers Association.

Some 20,700 dealerships remain today. But those numbers are expected to fall
below 20,000 -- perhaps to 19,000 or lower in the current recession, which has
been marked by the Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing of Chrysler and the dire
financial problems of GM.

Dealers interviewed for this column said they accept normal attrition, the kind
caused by hard times, tough competition and, in some cases, poor management. But
they resent the argument -- made by Wall Street bankers, the car companies that
borrow from those bankers, and the White House automotive task force now charged
with saving GM and Chrysler from ruin -- that more of them must close their
doors because too many of them remain in a shrinking market.

GM, for example, is under pressure from Wall Street and the Obama administration
to strip 2,700 stores from its remaining 6,273 dealerships by 2010.

It is a strategy "that makes no sense," said Jack Fitzgerald, owner of the
Bethesda-based Fitzgerald Auto Malls. His dealership chain includes 11 stores in
Maryland, two in Florida and one in Pennsylvania selling GM, Chrysler and a
variety of import cars and trucks.

Fitzgerald, a one-time practitioner of the Hull-Dobbs technique, believes "The
System" has rendered dealers easy prey in the current economic environment,
transforming one-time villains into scapegoats for manufacturers and federal
officials looking for someone to blame for the U.S. car industry's difficulties.

But the domestic automobile industry's problems "have nothing to do with dealers
and everything to do with product," Fitzgerald said. He said the proof is in the
historical product quality and reliability rankings published by Consumer
Reports, the buyers' bible for many consumers in the United States.

Until recently, domestic car brands consistently have ranked below imports in
Consumer Reports quality and reliability studies. Those low rankings yielded
consumer reluctance to buy, which often led to high-pressure sales tactics in
many domestic showrooms, Fitzgerald said. True or not, the combination of
below-par vehicles and Hull-Dobbs sales practices drove legions of American
consumers to import brands.

The domestic car companies belatedly realized their error and improved product
quality. Most of their remaining dealers, Fitzgerald among them, dropped the
Hull-Dobbs routine in favor of the consumer-friendly Saturn System, invented by
GM.

But that turnabout came too late. Saturn, the division that returned GM to the
right path, is going out of business because of poor sales. GM, now blessed with
world-competitive products, is likely to join Chrysler in Chapter 11 bankruptcy,
just as it has joined Chrysler in selling large chunks of itself, via billions
of dollars in taxpayer loans, to the federal government.

"GM and Chrysler need more dealers instead of fewer of them," Fitzgerald said,
echoing a dealer association's national advertisement making the same claim.
"Getting rid of us won't do anything to help GM or Chrysler, regardless of what
happens to them in restructuring. It'll just make things worse," Fitzgerald
said.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

CORRECTION-DATE: May 22, 2009



CORRECTION: --  The Car Culture column on the May 17 Car Pages incorrectly said
that Washington area dealer Jack Fitzgerald was a onetime practitioner of the
high-pressure Hull-Dobbs selling system. Fitzgerald has been a longtime critic
of the practice, used to extract maximum profit from consumers in car sales.

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Lois Raimondo -- The Washington Post; Dealer Jack Fitzgerald
says culling dealerships will hurt GM and Chrysler.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             414 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 12, 2009 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Ford to Offer 300 Million Shares;
Automaker Seeks Funding for Retiree Health-Care Trust

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 406 words


Ford announced a public offering of 300 million shares yesterday to help fund
its retirees' health care.

The automaker, which is surviving without federal aid, unlike its rivals General
Motors and Chrysler, said in a statement that proceeds are expected to go toward
"general corporate purposes," which includes a union-run health-care trust.

In March, the United Auto Workers approved a new contract that allows Ford to
pay as much as half of its $13.2 billion health-care commitment with stock
instead of cash, relieving the company of a large cash obligation. Ford's
agreement was followed by similar deals for GM and Chrysler.

"We continue to make strong progress on our transformation plan -- gaining
retail market share with great new products, improving quality, reducing costs
and positioning Ford for a return to profitability,"  chief executive Alan R.
Mulally said in a statement. "Today's equity offering is another example of the
fast, decisive action we are taking as we build momentum on our plan, including
further progress on improving our balance sheet."

The offering will dilute outstanding shares by about 13 percent.

Ford shares dropped 2.6 percent yesterday to close at $6.08. At that price,
Ford's offering would generate $1.82 billion.

The stock has soared in recent months from a November low of $1.01, making an
offering more attractive, said Jim Hossack, an analyst with AutoPacific, an
industry consulting firm.

"Ford is taking advantage of their substantial stock price increase in recent
weeks," he said.

Ford's strength lies in separating itself from its competitors, which have
received $19.4 billion in federal loans,  analysts said. Chrysler has filed for
bankruptcy, and yesterday GM chief executive Fritz Henderson said it's become
more probable in recent weeks that GM will seek bankruptcy court protection.

Although auto sales continue to slump, Ford has been able to grab market share
away from its struggling crosstown competitors. And analysts say Ford is
well-positioned to rebound and return  to profitability when the auto market
picks  up.

While it's uncertain whether Ford will use the proceeds, it is better to raise
money through equity than debt, Hossack said.

"It is a wise precautionary move," he said.

Ford expects to grant  underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to 45 million
shares. Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan Chase and Morgan Stanley are the
offering's joint book-running managers.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             415 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                        May 8, 2009 Friday 11:00 AM EST

Real Wheels

BYLINE: Warren Brown, Washington Post columnist, washingtonpost.com

SECTION: LIVEONLINE

LENGTH: 2802 words



HIGHLIGHT: Washington Post cars columnist Warren Brown discussed every aspect of
the automotive industry on Friday, May 8 at 11 a.m. ET.


Washington Post cars columnist Warren Brown discussed every aspect of the
automotive industry on Friday, May 8 at 11 a.m. ET.

The transcript follows.

____________________

Montreal, Quebec: I enjoy reading your observations on the auto industry,
especially because you don't avoid the discussion of the political aspects of
its "re-structuring". The implantation of those companies in the South does echo
a sort of 19th century North/South problem. So much of the current economic
crisis looks like an attack on gains made by the labor movement in the last
century. Incidentally, we drive Ford products (Focus and Fusion) and they seem
as good as anything else in their price range.

Warren Brown: Good morning, Montreal:

We pride ourselves in the United States on being class-blind. It's a false
pride. The UAW has done much to create a middle class in the United States,
helping tens of thousands of "ordinary" laborers to reach that status. For that,
the union has paid dearly. But the UAW is not without fault. It's leadership
failed to organize rivals of GM, Ford and Chrysler. And for that, the companies
with UAW representation have paid dearly.

_______________________

Wilmington, N.C.: Dear Mr Brown, will you do us the favor and let us know what
your perspective is on all the most recent happenings with regards to GM
,Chrysler and Ford . We value your opinion, that's why we ask. Thank you .

Warren Brown: Hello, Wilmington:

GM and Chrysler were unlucky--GM more than Chrysler.

GM has spent the last 15 years revamping its operations--greatly improving
product design and development, restructuring global product operations, cutting
costs. But it apparently wasn't doing those things as fast as they should've
been done. Just when GM had things fixed up--certainly on the product side--the
bottom fell out of the global economy, crushing vehicle sales for everybody,
including Toyota.

With all of the costs and financial losses involved in its lengthy
restructuring, the last thing GM needed was a sales bust.

Chrysler is another story. It simply is doing now what it has been trying to do
for the last 22 years--get out of hot fiscal water with the help of a partner.
It's tried France's Renault and Germany's Daimler-Benz. It flired with GM. Now,
in formal Chapter 11, it's trying Italy's Fiat.

Ford is another story stil. You might recall that it was Ford that was facing
banpruptcy, or rumored to be facing bankruptcy three or four years ago. But then
came Alan Mullaly, the companies current CEO, who stripped Ford of holdings it
didn't need, cut costs like crazy, borrowed billions and invested heavily in hot
new products which are now coming to market.

The difference between Ford and GM?

Ford faced its demons earlier and took care of them more quickly under Mullaly's
guidance--just in time to beat the global economic collapse.

_______________________

Silver Spring, Md.: The car market no longer has patience for so-so cars. We are
spoiled by the wide variety of really good choices out there. No one but my dad
says: "I've liked my last few Dodges so I'm going down to the dealer to get
another." Chrysler has some real dogs, like the Caliber, Sebring and Nitro, that
never were competitive and need to go away. I'm curious about products like the
PT Cruiser which was clever and a very good seller but suffered what I call the
"Cavalier/Saturn treatment." It was successful but Chrysler never updated
anything about it in terms of style, drive train or image. Are car companies
foolish or is it a lack of effort because it's a dull product and the executives
can't be interested? You need to feed those cash cows once in a while!

Contrast that with the Corvette or Civic or Chrysler minivan treatment where the
brand continues to build as the car is continuously updated and is always kept
ahead of its class. It's frustrating because the PT Cruiser was a good product.

Warren Brown: The PT Cruiser WAS a good product...in certain iterations, such as
the more upscale Limited version.

The problem was trying to make the PT Cruiser fit everybody's "affordable"
budget, which led to the use of dreadfully poor interior materials and goofy
powertrain combinations such as a wimpy inline four-cylinder engine and an
outmoded four-speed automatic transmission.

Chrysler's bean counters didn't mind as long as they could sell lots of PT
Cruisers to the rental fleets, which, of course, bought the cheapest PT Cruisers
possible.

Dumb move on Chrysler's part.

Novelty tends to wear off when consumers experience poor materials and
performance, which is exactly what they got in the rental fleet PT Cruisers.

_______________________

Silver Spring- PT Cruiser: I read your review of the current PT Cruiser with
sadness - I loved my old one and was hoping to buy a new better one sometime.If
I stick to a Turbo or GT model is it still driveable and fun?

Warren Brown's Review of the 2009 Chrysler PT Cruiser

(Post, Sunday, May 3, 2009.)

Warren Brown: Both the GT and turbo versions are fine. My problem with the model
I rented in Michigan was that it was typical rental fare--a confused base
version which showed the car's worst possible face. I will never understand why
car companies don't put their BEST cars in rental fleets, even if they have to
do it at a loss. The rental fleets are where many of us first meet cars we
haven't driven before.

_______________________

Suwanee, Ga.: What's the latest on the "Cash-for-Clunckers" bill up on the hill?
Will it be restricted to certain makes or have income limits for the buyer to be
eligible? I'm ready to buy now, but could drive the old car a few more months to
save a few thousand dollars.

Warren Brown: Hold on to your old car a little while longer, Suwanee.
"Cash-for-clunkers" is still winding its way through Congress and probably will
be on that journey well into summer. Your question gives me an idea: We here at
The Post and our affiliate, Cars.com, need to do a twiiter-type thing updating
everyone who is interested on cash-for-clunkers and domestic industry
bailouts/bankruptcies.

In fact, Cars.com has right now is running a consumer's guide on the Chrysler
Chapter 11 filing.

_______________________

Vienna, Va.: Is Ford structured so that Ford USA and Ford Europe are wholly
separate companies that only share a common brand name? I see all these great
Ford Europe products that I would love to see in the U.S. Any chance we'll ever
get some of these over here? Ford S-Max?

Warren Brown: No, Vienna. Ford is a totally integrated global enterprise. But
the company historically has viewed Western Europe and North America as
distinctly different markets with distinctly different product needs and
consumer expectations. Ford now realizes that the world is a much smaller place
(the best-selling car in Russia is the Focus), that North American and European
product/consumer needs and expectations have merged. That is why we are getting
the great little Fiesta. It's why we now have a more European-version Focus. And
it's why we are likely to get more Ford of Europe-type vehicles in the United
States.

A very weakened UAW won't be able to do much to stop that from happening, which
means that we also will see more GM of Europe stuff showing up here, too.

The reality, as your question indicates, is that most American consumers are
less interested in "buying American" or "looking for the union label" than they
are in getting the hottest cars at the best price.

_______________________

GM's Plans: From this morning's Post: "According to an outline the company has
been sharing privately with Washington legislators, the number of cars that GM
sells in the United States and builds in Mexico, China and South Korea will
roughly double."

How can a UAW/US-owned company get away with this?

Warren Brown: Get real:

Had it not been for GM of Europe and Ford of Europe, had it not been for more
integrated global operations, the domestic companies would have been facing
bankruptcy long ago.

How can a U.S./UAW owned company get away with this? A three-word-answer, "The
American Consumer."

The American Consumer does not care about "buying American."

The American Consumer does not bother to "look for the union label."

The American Consumer wants the best stuff for the lowest price.

That is why notoriously anti-union Wall-Mart is the biggest retailer in the
United States, including in UAW strongholds such as Michigan and Ohio.

It's why the American car companies are struggling to hold onto 44 percent of a
home market they once dominated.

Stopping U.S.-based car companies from bringing in cars The American Consumer
wants will surely kill those companies and the union-repressented jobs they
provide stateside and overseas.

What the UAW needs to do is organize the rivals of the American car companies.
The UAW's persistent failure in that endeavor puts the American car companies at
risk.

What unions in general need to do is form a strong, truly international union to
keep companies, foreign and domestic, from playing worker against worker in
their endless hunt for the cheapest possible labor.

_______________________

Clifton, Va.: Didn't Cash for Clunkers morph into Cash for gas hogs. Cash for
Clunkers is a lot easier to manage and regulate. Cash for gas Hogs means more
paperwork and govt involvement especially lawyers.

And Ms Pelosi some folks need their big gas guzzlers.

Warren Brown: Cash-for-clunkers has always meant cah-for-gas hogs, Clifton. The
theory is that older cars have less-efficient engines. (Yes, I know that theory
has a big hole in it. Anyone with a 1999 Honda Civic knows that.)

_______________________

South Riding, Va.: I must be out of the loop -- what is the Cash for Clunkers
bill the chatter from GA asked about?

Warren Brown: Here you go, South Riding:

The U.S. Congress is moving slowly, clumsily to do what lawmakers in Germany did
with stunning efficiency: Come up with a program to spark automobile sales by
awarding a government credit (tax break and/or purchase subsidy) to buyers who
trade in older, less fuel-efficient cars for new, more fuel-efficient models.
The program has led to increased car sales in Germany. And the word is that most
of the neww models bought there are more fuel-efficient, cleaner burning cars
than the models they replaced.

_______________________

Alexandria, Va.: I always look forward to your weekly Q&A and articles, and
wanted to reiterate what you said above about "Novelty tends to wear off when
consumers experience poor materials and performance, which is exactly what they
got in the rental fleet PT Cruisers." American car manufacturers would be much
better off if they could understand that. About three years ago I rented a car
and was given a Hyundai Sonata. Instead of just the basics, it had the V6 and
power everything. Before that I never would have given Hyundai a second look but
because of that great first impression, Hyundai was the first company I looked
at when car shopping a year later (I ended up buying a new Elantra).

Warren Brown: Thank ou, Alexandria.

_______________________

Loudoun County, Va.: Hi Warren, I see on the VW site that there is a diesel tax
credit if you buy a diesel before end of 2010. I don't see any further info like
if there is an income phase-out or other restrictions on the credit. Do you
know, or where could I find a plain-English explanation of all the rules?

Warren Brown: Hello, Loudon:

You will find more information on that at www.fueleconomy.gov.

_______________________

Kensington: PT Cruiser: I have one and love it. The one I got as a rental in
Madison, WI was bottom of the barrel skimpy spartan. Why on earth do they do
this?

Warren Brown: I don't know, Kensington. It defies a basic rule of common sense,
which is that you try to make your first impression the best impression. You
might not get another chance.

_______________________

Toronto, Canada: Hi Warren, really enjoy your chats and columns. What do you
think of the new Chev Equinox and how does it stack up against the rivals in
that class? Thank you very much

Warren Brown: Hello, Toronto:

The Equinox finally is a no-excuses, compact suv/crossover. Overall buil quality
and presentation are excellent, world-class. Powertrains much improved...and
varied. There even are experimental hydrogen fuel-cell models running around the
U.S.--proof that GM and Chevrolet are taking the future of the Equinox
seriously.

_______________________

Fortaleza, Brazil: Which auto companies worldwide do you think have the best
chance of disappearing in the next few years? By the way, some reports simply
refer to Fiat as an Italian company. It is,like GM and Ford, found worldwide.
Fiats, are ubiquitous down here. They are, like most cars from "foreign" makers,
made domestically. There are only a few brands, such as Hyundai, Land Rover and
Volvo totally imported.

Warren Brown: Hello, Brazil:

I think Chrysler will go.

Isuzu for all intents and purposes is leaving the U.S. market as a purveyor of
passenger models. Will it become a commercial-vehicle only manufacturer?

Mitsubishi seems to be struggling. And one wonders how long Hyundai will
continue carrying an increasingly redundant Kia as wholly-owned subsidiary.

_______________________

Clifton, Va.: Warren, cash for clunkers originally was for vehicles 1999 and
older but now its you have to buy something that gets better gas mileage than
your pick up or SUV. The original bill was to clean up the air only.

Warren Brown: You are right, Clifton. But the bill's true reason for being has
always been to get dirtier, less-efficient cars off the road and replace them
with cleaner, presumably more efficient models. Such proposals always have an
underlying reason for being, usually wedded to environmental and/or safety
concerns.

_______________________

PT cruiser: How can a 2.4 liter 150 HP engine be wimpy? I never considered my
Benz's 2.3 liter 148 HP engine wimpy. In Europe they'd kill for (and would be
taxed extra!) for so much HP and engine displacement. How can Europeans manage
highway driving with much smaller engines?

Warren Brown: The PT Cruiser weighs 3,222 pounds. That's a load for a compact
car. In that application, a 2.4-liter engine mated to an outmoded, sluggish
four-speed automatic transmission is a drag to drive. And with a combination of
front disc and mediocre rear drum brakes, it's not much fun to stop, either.

_______________________

Rockville PT: Given the current situation can I afford to keep my PT Limited vis
a vis parts etc. or can I kiss resale trade in value good bye?

Warren Brown: Kiss trade value goodbye. You will be okay on replacement parts.
Chrysler dealers are up and running, and many are beefing up their back shops in
anticipation of doing more repair than new-car sales. Your best option is to
amortize your current car's value through extended use.

_______________________

Germantown: Warren, I'm sort of confused about your take on unions, and how all
automotive companies should be unionized. Don't non-union companies provide good
middle class jobs also (ie. Toyota)? What additional benefit would a union give
them. And Wal-Mart: they don't seem to have trouble finding workers. Any my
industry: software - we all make good livings and no union.

Warren Brown: Hello, Germantown:

Trust me. Now that the UAW has been humbled, look for downshifting of wages and
benefits at the non-union companies. Keep in mind that salaries at places such
as Toyota and Nissan in the United States have long been pegged, at a slightly
lower level, to salaries negotiated by the UAW. The "foreign" companies had a
great strategy: Locate plants in ani-union strongholds. Offer jobs that paid
higher salaries and provided more benefits than those normally received by the
local populace (salaries and benefits that closely patterned those negotiated by
the UAW). Provide other amenities, such as an empolyee gym. Turn employees into
"associates" and keep the union out.

Now, with Toyota and Nissan both losing sales and big bucks in this economy, and
with the strength of the UAW a distant memory, keep an eye on what's going to
happen--indeed on what already has started to happen--to those empoyees in the
non-union shops.

Power concedes nothing freely.

Unchecked power has never helped the people who are subject to it.

_______________________

Warren Brown: That's it for today, folks. Please join us again, next week.

Program note: "On Wheels With Warren Brown," WMET World Radio, 1160 on the AM
dial, will move to Sundays, 12 Noon-to-! PM, beginning May 17. Call-in is
866-369-1160.

Thanks for producing today, Sakina.

Eat lunch, Ria.

_______________________

Editor's Note: washingtonpost.com moderators retain editorial control over
Discussions and choose the most relevant questions for guests and hosts; guests
and hosts can decline to answer questions. washingtonpost.com is not responsible
for any content posted by third parties.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2009 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             416 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 7, 2009 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

In Drive for Balance, Ford Parks the SUV;
Firm Hitches Its Future to the Focus At Plant That Once Churned Out Hulks

BYLINE: Frank Ahrens; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 455 words


Call it a fork in the road for America's second-largest automaker.

Ford announced yesterday that it is pouring $550 million into the ongoing
conversion of a Michigan truck plant into a facility that will produce the Ford
Focus compact -- including a zero-emissions electric version of the Focus.

For 51 years, the Michigan Truck Plant in Wayne, Mich., west of Detroit, cranked
out Ford Bronco  sport-utility vehicles and the classic Ford F-series pickup.
For years, the Ford F-150 was America's best-selling vehicle and the
metaphorical backbone of a working nation. The plant also produced the
three-ton, 14-mile per gallon Lincoln Navigator and Ford Expedition -- among the
biggest SUVs on the road, 300-horsepower monsters built to tow powerboats and
give environmentalists something to hate.

Now, however, the facility -- yesterday renamed the Michigan Assembly Plant --
is retooling so it can build the 2,588-pound Focus, a 35-mpg fuel-sipper that
pulls Ford's hopes with its little 140-horsepower engine. Those will begin
rolling off the line in late 2010. The electric Focus, a year later.

Yesterday's announcement is the next step in a process that was set in motion by
Ford chief executive Alan R. Mulally  in July, when he said Ford would revamp
the plant  to produce one of Ford's small cars.

So far, Ford committed $75 million to the conversion and has received none of
the $25 billion approved by Congress last fall to help  Detroit's Big Three
retool to make more fuel-efficient vehicles.

At its peak in the 1990s, the Michigan Truck Plant had three shifts working
around the clock to produce the highly profitable SUVs, which allowed  Detroit's
Big Three to ignore innovation on small cars, a mistake that would  haunt them.

"This was one of the most profitable plants in the world," Joseph Hinrichs, Ford
vice president of global manufacturing, said yesterday. "Now in stark contrast
to that, we're going with a more balanced portfolio" of vehicles.

Indeed, Ford will continue to make the big SUVs but has moved their manufacture
to Kentucky. Despite the recession, Ford is turning out about as many $40,000
Expeditions and Navigators as it did this time last year, Hinrichs said.

Ford and Detroit's other automakers gave their small cars less attention in
recent decades simply because they could not profit on them. High U.S.
production costs -- spurred by high union wages and benefit expenses -- combined
with low sales prices to make the little cars loss-leaders.

Meanwhile, Asian automakers -- unburdened by such union demands --  captured the
U.S. market.

Now, however, thanks to big concessions from the United Auto Workers, "We can
make money on cars made in the U.S. for the first time," Mulally told CNBC
yesterday.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Jeff Kowalsky -- Bloomberg News; With $550 million, Ford is
retooling a plant in Wayne, Mich., to manufacture its small Focus where it has
built trucks and SUVs for a half century.
IMAGE; By Bill Pugliano -- Getty Images; Chairman Bill Ford Jr. speaks with
autoworkers at the newly renamed Ford Michigan Assembly Plant in Wayne. At its
peak in the 1990s, the plant had three shifts working around the clock to make
then highly profitable SUVs.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             417 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 5, 2009 Tuesday
                                Regional Edition

Myths and Facts About Cars and Carmakers

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 446 words


Though I enjoyed David S. Broder's May 3 reminiscence about the fall of the Big
Three ["Detroit Opens Up the Hood," op-ed], I'm afraid his closing paragraph
showed that he -- like many Americans -- isn't giving domestic automakers the
credit they deserve. Having chronicled its decline, Mr. Broder wondered about
the industry: "Can it still respond?" But in fact Ford and General Motors
already have.

Look at data from J.D. Power and Associates and Consumer Reports, and you'll
find many reliable and "recommended" cars from Ford and GM. Yes, Asian cars do
marginally better on reliability, but the gap has shrunk to the point of being
nearly meaningless. Buy a Ford Fusion (or Fusion Hybrid) or Chevy Malibu, and
you will get one of the best cars in the world, and a car that will run forever.
The 2010 Ford Taurus will be released shortly and looks to be a world beater.
The Chevy Corvette, at $50,000, outruns cars twice as expensive. The list goes
on.

It's truly unfortunate that just as these companies turn the corner, they face
an economic downturn that is crushing even mighty Toyota. My fear is that by the
time Congress, the media and the public wake up to the fact that Ford and GM are
making many, many excellent vehicles, it will be too late.

ERIK McGUNNIGLE

Vienna

--

The April 28 Business article "GM to Forge Ahead Without Key Brands" revealed a
disturbing attitude toward collective bargaining and labor unions. When the
article said that Saturn was to "make small, fuel-efficient cars -- built by
workers unburdened by the United Auto Workers' contract," it completely
misstated not just the history of Saturn but the meaning of that history.

Saturn was actually launched as a joint venture between General Motors and the
UAW. The union was a full partner in this attempt to remake the American car,
and it bargained a new contract with GM as part of the experiment. So, contrary
to the assertion in this story, a UAW contract always governed Saturn
workplaces.

More troubling was the way autoworkers were described as being "burdened" by
collective bargaining.  Saturn employees chose the UAW as their union; chose, as
a union, to bargain the novel Saturn contract; and, eventually, chose to set
aside the Saturn agreement in favor of the master Big Three pact. No one in the
partnership -- not GM, Saturn, the union or the workers -- saw themselves as
"burdened" by collective bargaining. To imply otherwise is not just to misstate
how Saturn came to be but to perpetuate ignorant preconceptions about unions in
the workplace.

JAKE MCINTYRE

Washington

The writer is assistant to the secretary-treasurer at the International Union of
Bricklayers and Allied Craftworkers.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             418 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                               May 3, 2009 Sunday
                                Bulldog Edition

Kurt Busch's Performance Is Giving Chrysler a Boost

BYLINE: Liz Clarke; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 797 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND


Reprinted from yesterday's editions

Chrysler's struggles may have landed the ailing automaker in bankruptcy court,
but there is one arena in which its Dodge brand is outperforming Chevrolet, Ford
and Toyota.

That's on the high banks of NASCAR, where Kurt Busch, driver of the No. 12 Dodge
Charger, vaulted atop the point standings after last weekend's crash-marred race
at Talladega Superspeedway.

That achievement surely won't revive Chrysler's lagging fortunes. But as Dodge's
front-running driver and a former NASCAR champion, Busch and his Miller Lite
stock car represent the face of the Dodge brand to millions of NASCAR fans.

Busch said he felt a responsibility to prove through his performance that Dodge
remains a viable brand that's worth buying.

"All of us Dodge drivers feel that way," said Busch, who elated the Chrysler
brass by delivering Dodge's lone victory of the season in March.

"I'm proud to carry the banner today," Busch said after snapping an 18-month
winless streak at Atlanta Motor Speedway. "It should motivate people to feel
comfortable with Dodges and go to a dealership, look at those vehicles, rub on
them a little bit and say, 'Hey, I want to take one of these home!' "

It's unclear what the future holds for Chrysler, the smallest of Detroit's Big
Three, which became the first U.S. automaker to file for bankruptcy since
Studebaker in 1933.

On Friday, the company's lawyers outlined a plan to emerge as a new entity
within 60 days under a new structure controlled by Italian automaker Fiat, the
government and employees.

Busch said he didn't know much about Dodge's future in racing beyond what he
read in newspapers and was told by team owner Roger Penske, who fields three of
the seven Dodges that compete regularly on NASCAR's Sprint Cup circuit.

Richard Petty Motorsports owns the other four.

"I feel confident what's transpired will allow us to race," Busch said.

But for how long?

After Thursday's bankruptcy filing, Mike Accavitti, Chrysler's director of brand
marketing, sought to allay concerns in the NASCAR garage.

"NASCAR is a strategic part of our marketing plan and the Dodge brand,"
Accavitti said in a statement. "We plan to continue our Dodge sponsorship and
relationship into the foreseeable future."

In a competitive sense, the distinction between Dodge and its on-track rivals --
Chevrolet, Ford and Toyota -- is illusory. The bodies of all four racecars are
identical; only decals and their 800-horsepower engines distinguish them.

But it's no small matter to the 54,000 employees of Chrysler or the legion of
NASCAR fans who have cheered stock-car racing's underdog since the days when
seven-time champion Richard Petty drove Plymouths and Dodges to Victory Lane.

Even rival drivers don't want to see Dodge disappear from NASCAR.

"It's nice to have competition," said 2008 Daytona 500 winner Ryan Newman, who
switched from Dodge to Chevrolet this season. "You don't want the competition to
fail. You just want to beat them."

For Busch, it's the first time he has led NASCAR's point standings since 2005.
He seized the lead by surviving last weekend's crash-fest at Talladega, marred
by a 13-car pileup early in the race and a bad wreck on the final lap, in which
Carl Edwards's Ford got airborne and sailed into the fence.

Edwards wasn't hurt, but debris injured seven fans -- including a 17-year-old
girl whose broken jaw is wired shut. Edwards said he spoke to her and her mother
this week, as well as flew to Daytona to meet with NASCAR officials about his
safety concerns related to Talladega's escalating speeds and close-quarters
racing.

"The bottom line is unless you take the banking out of that racetrack, or we
don't go race there, you've got a big problem trying to keep the cars apart,
keep them slow," Edwards said, referring to the carburetor restrictor plates
that keep the cars bunched up.

Edwards spoke for many drivers in the garage Friday, where every scenario was
debated -- from stiffer penalties for bump-drafting to smaller engines to curb
horsepower.

"At the end of the day, we're still going to run around in a pack, three or four
wide all day long, and cause big wrecks as long as there is a restrictor plate,"
three-time champion Jimmie Johnson said.

"The only way to get around that is to take some tractors over there and knock
down the corners and make them flat to where we have to lift [off the
accelerator]. I don't think fans want to see that. I don't think Daytona and
NASCAR want to tear down the racetrack and start over.

"It's hard to put blame on anyone when it's really the circumstances that we're
working with."

NASCAR Note: Kyle Busch passed Edwards on the first lap of a restart with 22
laps to go and won the NASCAR Nationwide Series race Friday night. Edwards held
on to finish second, followed by Matt Kenseth.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Chris Trotman -- Getty Images; The strong showing of driver
Kurt Busch, center, in his Miller Lite Dodge is providing some rare good
publicity for beleaguered automaker Chrysler.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             419 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 2, 2009 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Kurt Busch Giving Chrysler a Boost;
Dodge Driver's Surge to Sprint Cup Points Lead Is Rare Good News for Struggling
Automaker

BYLINE: Liz Clarke; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D05

LENGTH: 804 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND, May 1


Chrysler's struggles may have landed the ailing automaker in bankruptcy court,
but there is one arena in which its Dodge brand is outperforming Chevrolet, Ford
and Toyota.

That's on the high banks of NASCAR, where Kurt Busch, driver of the No. 12 Dodge
Charger, vaulted atop the point standings after last weekend's crash-marred race
at Talladega Superspeedway.

That achievement surely won't revive Chrysler's lagging fortunes. But as Dodge's
front-running driver and a former NASCAR champion, Busch and his Miller Lite
stock car represent the face of the Dodge brand to millions of NASCAR fans.

Friday at Richmond International Raceway, where drivers spent the afternoon
preparing for Saturday's Crown Royal 400, Busch said he felt a responsibility to
prove through his performance that Dodge remains a viable brand that's worth
buying.

"All of us Dodge drivers feel that way," said Busch, who elated the Chrysler
brass by delivering Dodge's lone victory of the season in March.

"I'm proud to carry the banner today," Busch said after snapping an 18-month
winless streak at Atlanta Motor Speedway. "It should motivate people to feel
comfortable with Dodges and go to a dealership, look at those vehicles, rub on
them a little bit and say, 'Hey, I want to take one of these home!' "

It's unclear what the future holds for Chrysler, the smallest of Detroit's Big
Three, which became the first U.S. automaker to file for bankruptcy since
Studebaker in 1933.

On Friday, the company's lawyers outlined a plan to emerge as a new entity
within 60 days under a new structure controlled by Italian automaker Fiat, the
government and employees.

Busch said he didn't know much about Dodge's future in racing beyond what he
read in newspapers and was told by team owner Roger Penske, who fields three of
the seven Dodges that compete regularly on NASCAR's Sprint Cup circuit.

Richard Petty Motorsports owns the other four.

"I feel confident what's transpired will allow us to race," Busch said.

But for how long?

After Thursday's bankruptcy filing, Mike Accavitti, Chrysler's director of brand
marketing, sought to allay concerns in the NASCAR garage.

"NASCAR is a strategic part of our marketing plan and the Dodge brand,"
Accavitti said in a statement. "We plan to continue our Dodge sponsorship and
relationship into the foreseeable future."

In a competitive sense, the distinction between Dodge and its on-track rivals --
Chevrolet, Ford and Toyota -- is illusory. The bodies of all four racecars are
identical; only decals and their 800-horsepower engines distinguish them.

But it's no small matter to the 54,000 employees of Chrysler or the legion of
NASCAR fans who have cheered stock-car racing's underdog since the days when
seven-time champion Richard Petty drove Plymouths and Dodges to Victory Lane.

Even rival drivers don't want to see Dodge disappear from NASCAR.

"It's nice to have competition," said 2008 Daytona 500 winner Ryan Newman, who
switched from Dodge to Chevrolet this season. "You don't want the competition to
fail. You just want to beat them."

For Busch, who'll start 17th in Saturday's race, it's the first time he has led
NASCAR's point standings since 2005. He seized the lead by surviving last
weekend's crash-fest at Talladega, marred by a 13-car pileup early in the race
and a bad wreck on the final lap, in which Carl Edwards's Ford got airborne and
sailed into the fence.

Edwards wasn't hurt, but debris injured seven fans -- including a 17-year-old
girl whose broken jaw is wired shut. Edwards said he spoke to her and her mother
this week, as well as flew to Daytona to meet with NASCAR officials about his
safety concerns related to Talladega's escalating speeds and close-quarters
racing.

"The bottom line is unless you take the banking out of that racetrack, or we
don't go race there, you've got a big problem trying to keep the cars apart,
keep them slow," Edwards said, referring to the carburetor restrictor plates
that keep the cars bunched up.

Edwards spoke for many drivers in the garage Friday, where every scenario was
debated -- from stiffer penalties for bump-drafting to smaller engines to curb
horsepower.

"At the end of the day, we're still going to run around in a pack, three or four
wide all day long, and cause big wrecks as long as there is a restrictor plate,"
three-time champion Jimmie Johnson said.

NASCAR Notes: Brian Vickers turned a lap at 127.131 mph during Friday night's
qualifying to win the pole position for Saturday night's race.

Jeff Gordon got the closest at 126.844 mph, but was forced to settle for the
outside of the front row. Denny Hamlin will start third, with Martin Truex Jr.
fourth. . . .

Kyle Busch passed Edwards on the first lap of a restart with 22 laps to go and
won the NASCAR Nationwide Series race Friday night. Edwards held on to finish
second, followed by Matt Kenseth.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Virginia

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Chris Trotman -- Getty Images; Kurt Busch, left, with his
Miller Lite Dodge, is giving beleaguered automaker Chrysler a needed dose of
help with his NASCAR performance this season.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             420 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 2, 2009 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

At Chrysler, From Hero to Zero;
Cerberus's Promising Turnaround Plan Never Got Past First Gear

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 833 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK, May 1


-- Chrysler early last year was so flush with cash and optimism that the firm's
owners decided to repay a $3 billion loan to its lenders, believing that a
turnaround for the company was just about to begin.

Now days after Chrysler's historic bankruptcy, those owners, who work at
private-equity firm Cerberus Capital Management, consider that repayment a
misstep. Keeping the money might have spared Chrysler from taking billions of
dollars in government aid and perhaps even prevented the storied automaker from
winding up in court.

In an interview, Cerberus chief executive Stephen Feinberg reflected on the
irony of the situation: If Cerberus hadn't been so successful in its initial
restructuring, he said, it wouldn't have been so quick to pay down its bank
debt.

When Chrysler filed for bankruptcy this week, analysts attributed the company's
decline largely to the recent turmoil in the economy, which had scared off car
buyers and made loans difficult to come by. But there were also strategic
blunders, and Cerberus paid a heavy price. It lost its entire equity stake in
Chrysler after the government moved to restructure the company.

The private-equity firm had big plans to restore the American icon to its former
glory. And it had a good track record: It had already tackled a number of
troubled household names -- Albertsons supermarkets, Mervyns department stores,
Alamo and National rental cars -- all to great success.

At first, it seemed Cerberus would be able to repair Chrysler, too. It shed $5
billion in fixed costs, cut production expenses by a third and eliminated debt
problems. Chrysler was set to break even if the American auto industry sold as
few as 11 million cars and trucks a year -- much lower than the industry's
projections of 16 million.

Just as the economy began to sour, Cerberus began investigating in several
strategic alliances. It urged GM to acquire Chrysler. It considered a
partnership with Nissan. And it proposed sharing technology and distribution
networks with Italy's Fiat.

"They didn't have a whole lot of time," said Aaron Bragman, an analyst at IHS
Global Insight. "They purchased the company and installed leadership in time for
it to all go downhill."

Cerberus had failed to heed the example of rival Ford, which in 2006 mortgaged
all of its assets to secure billions of dollars in loans and amass a huge cash
stockpile. Ford's actions were viewed as an act of desperation by some analysts
at the time, but they are now hailed as prescient. Ford is the only major
American automaker to forgo loans from the government during the economic
crisis.

Late last year, Cerberus realized it would not be able to save the company and
began working with the Treasury Department on a bailout. The move sparked public
outrage after Cerberus refused to sink any more of its own money into the
automaker. Cerberus, which has $27 billion in assets under management, insisted
it could not act like an ATM, shifting large amounts of capital to any single
investment.

Attacked by Congress and in editorials, the company faced a public relations
nightmare. Cerberus believed it was best to keep its nose to the grindstone. But
by avoiding public appearances, it was labeled as secretive and ruthless as its
mythological namesake, the three-headed dog that guards the gates of hell.

"These guys are smart, talented, aggressive people," said David Stowell,
professor of finance at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management.
"But they're really taking one on the chin."

Feinberg insists the firm was looking out for its investors and only had one
goal.

"It's about saving the company and doing the best thing for the country,"
Feinberg said. "I wish we could do it without government money."

Cerberus said it cooperated fully with the government as restructuring talks got
underway. President Obama this week praised outgoing chief executive Robert L.
Nardelli, a Cerberus hire, for his efforts. (Thomas W. LaSorda, the company's
second in command, announced that he is stepping down, as well).

Feinberg said that up until the final hours before Chrysler's deadline to
restructure this week, he sat inside the Treasury, working on scenarios to
remedy Chrysler's financing for customers and dealers. Cerberus already owned a
large stake in GM's finance arm, GMAC. In purchasing Chrysler, it also gained
its finance unit, Chrysler Financial.

Cerberus presented Treasury with multiple solutions: Chrysler Financial could
become a bank. Other banks could take over the financing. It could be funded by
the Treasury's financial rescue plan. Or GMAC and Chrysler Financial could
merge.

In the end, GMAC was assigned to take over financing for Chrysler's dealers and
customers.

Some of Chrysler's creditors balked at the government's plan -- but not
Cerberus, knowing that it could have lost not just its investment in the
automaker but the value of its stake in the financing arm, as well.

"We're not running away," Feinberg said. "We could act as extortionists, but
that's not us."

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Mike Segar -- Reuters; Chrysler bankruptcy papers are moved
Friday in New York. Cerberus has been criticized for not pumping more cash into
the automaker to prevent its collapse.
IMAGE; By Jahi Chikwendiu -- The Washington Post; Stephen Feinberg's
private-equity firm Cerberus seemed poised to resurrect Chrysler until the
economy and a bad decision on debt crushed its plans.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             421 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 26, 2009 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

Human Rights Allegations Worth Hearing

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 190 words


Curtis A. Bradley and Jack L. Goldsmith argued that "it is crass retroactivity"
to say that General Motors, Ford and IBM are "legally responsible for actions of
the South African government" during the apartheid era ["Rights Case Gone
Wrong," op-ed, April 19]. But certainly these firms should be legally
responsible for their own actions. The plaintiffs in one case,  Ntsebeza v.
Daimler Chrysler, allege that security personnel at the German carmaker, as well
as at GM and Ford, "provided information about anti-apartheid activists to the
South African Security Forces, facilitated arrests, provided information to be
used in interrogations, and even participated in interrogations."

Moreover, the plaintiffs allege that IBM employees customized their software so
that South African officials could use the programs to segregate blacks into
Bantustans. Mr. Bradley and Mr. Goldsmith believe the Ntsebeza case should be
dismissed without hearing the factual arguments. But there is nothing "crass"
about saying that Daimler, GM, Ford and IBM should at least have to answer these
serious allegations in open court.

DANIEL HEMEL

Oxford, England

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             422 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 25, 2009 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Citing Solid Position, Ford Posts Loss;
Firm Says It Has Ample Cash to Get By Without Federal Aid

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 362 words


Ford yesterday reported a loss of $1.4 billion  in the first quarter but said it
has enough cash on hand to continue to  refuse government aid as it seeks to
become profitable again.

Ford burned through $3.7 billion -- far less than the $7.2 billion it spent in
the fourth quarter of 2008 -- and ended the quarter with $21.3 billion in cash.

Unlike General Motors and Chrysler, which have received $19.4 billion in federal
loans, Ford is not asking for government help.

And while its crosstown rivals race against deadlines to negotiate stakeholder
concessions, Ford has struck a deal with the United Auto Workers and reduced its
debt. It also has drawn down the last $10.1 billion from its revolving line of
credit.

The company said it is continuing to invest in new technologies and remains on
track to meet its goal of breaking even or returning to profitability in 2011.

"During the toughest of times we want to keep investing in new products that
people really do want and value, so we come out the other side," Ford chief
executive Alan R. Mulally said.

A year ago the company posted a profit of $70 million. But falling U.S. auto
sales have since pushed Ford to aggressively restructure and strengthen its
finances.

Analysts have been impressed by Ford's efforts. This week, Goldman Sachs
upgraded Ford's shares to "buy," propelling the stock to a six-month high.
Yesterday, Ford shares jumped 11.4 percent, or 51 cents, to $5.

For months, Ford has  worked to distinguish itself from its strapped
competitors. This week, those differences have  grown more obvious.

GM, for instance, announced that it would  shut down 13 assembly plants for
weeks  this summer to better align its production with weakened demand for new
vehicles. Ford said it plans to boost its North American production in the
second quarter to 435,000 units, 25 percent more than in the first quarter.

"We're not quite sure where the bottom is," Mulally said in a Bloomberg
Television interview yesterday. "But we believe with the stabilization of the
banks, freeing up the credit and the stimulus packages we have, both monetary
and fiscal, that we're going to see an uptick in the third and fourth quarter."

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             423 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 7, 2009 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Ford in Uphill Challenge Despite Cutting Debt $9.9 Billion

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 684 words


The good news: Ford announced yesterday that it cut its debt by $9.9 billion.

The bad news: Analysts say the automaker's finances could still crumble later
this year despite the aggressive restructuring.

While Ford has strived to set itself apart from its struggling Detroit rivals,
who have turned to the Treasury Department for federal loans, it must tackle the
same economic slump that has dragged down the entire industry.

"The failure of competitors or key suppliers could further complicate Ford's
situation and cause it to ask for the government loans that it is trying to
avoid," said Efraim Levy, auto manufacturers and parts analyst for Standard and
Poor's.

Ford insists that it does not need government assistance.

"Ford continues to lead the industry in taking the decisive actions necessary to
weather the current downturn and deliver long-term profitable growth," Ford
chief executive Alan Mulally said in a statement.

For now, the debt restructuring, which reduces Ford's interest payments by more
than $500 million this year, "will substantially strengthen Ford's balance
sheet," the company said.

Ford shares jumped 16 percent to close at $3.77.

Under the deal, the automaker and its finance arm will pay $2.4 billion and
issue 468 million shares. On average, Ford paid 38 cents on the dollar in cash
and stock to retire $9.9 billion of its $25.8 billion in debt, Ford spokesman
Mark Truby said.

"It was a successful transaction and met all our expectations," said Neil
Schloss, Ford's treasurer.

Ford's move comes as General Motors and Chrysler are being asked by the
government to reduce their debt by two-thirds in order to receive federal aid.
The two companies have yet to reach a deal with their debt holders.

"GM and Chrysler are running to keep up with Ford," said Shelly Lombard, a
senior high yield analyst for bond researcher Gimme Credit.

Ford's deal, which offered cash to unsecured debt holders, is arguably more
attractive than GM's, which offers stock in the company, Lombard said. Cash has
a fixed value. But GM bondholders who make the swap are betting that GM will
survive and become profitable; in a bankruptcy, equity holders are usually wiped
out, while bondholders can recover some of their investment.

Similarly, Chrysler is having trouble persuading its secured lenders, which
include such major banks as Citigroup and Morgan Stanley, to reduce its debt.

Analysts warn that even if GM and Chrysler can reduce their debt, they're just
replacing the liability with government debt through multibillion-dollar federal
loans.

Adding to Ford's competitive advantage is an agreement with the United Auto
Workers to pay half of its $13.2 billion obligation to retiree health care with
stock rather than cash, relieving the company of a big cash requirement. The
government is asking GM and Chrysler to broker similar terms, but neither has
made a deal.

Ford Motor Credit is participating in the Treasury Department's Term
Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility, or TALF, program, which is aimed at
reviving consumer lending. Last month it sold asset-backed securities to the
government totaling $2.95 billion.

The industry is facing the worst auto sales downturn in more than two decades.
Car companies are on track to sell 9.5 million cars and trucks in the United
States this year, a drastic decline from boom years when Americans purchased
around  16 million vehicles.

Mark Oline, an auto analyst with Fitch Ratings, said Ford could soon reach the
minimum cash reserves of $10 billion to $12 billion needed to run the company if
sales do not pick up.

Ford doesn't have any plans for another debt exchange. "But we will continue to
manage our business to make sure we stay competitive," Schloss said.

The debt swap announced yesterday puts Ford is a better position to seek
government loans, J.P. Morgan auto analyst Himanshu Patel said in a research
note.

"The exchange could be aimed in part at mollifying the concerns of various
stakeholders and a possible precursor to eventual government aid," he wrote.
"Ford has now accomplished a fair amount of what was asked of GM and Chrysler."

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Ford chief executive Alan Mulally

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             424 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              April 5, 2009 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

A Deadly Time Brought to Life

BYLINE: Chris Bohjalian

SECTION: OUTLOOK; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1028 words


ARMENIAN GOLGOTHA

By Grigoris Balakian

Translated by

Peter Balakian

with Aris Sevag

Knopf. 509 pp. $35

Last month, while I was visiting my father in Florida, we had dinner one night
with my aunt. We were discussing the way Jim Jones had poisoned 900 of his
followers with cyanide-laced Flavor Aid in 1978, and suddenly my aunt was
explaining that another way to poison someone is with a yogurt smoothie. "That's
how the Turks poisoned your grandmother's classmates in Constantinople in 1915,"
she said. "They poisoned the tahn."

This story was new to me, and I am 47. But as a second-generation Armenian
American, I've found that it's not uncommon for one of these UFO horror stories
to materialize out of nowhere over coffee. My childhood was a combination of
suburban clichÃ© and Middle Eastern exoticism. Although most of my boyhood in
New York's Westchester County revolved around Little League baseball, "Star
Trek" and coveting my older brother's record collection, there was also the
powerfully alien aura cast by my grandparents, Leo and Haigoohi (pronounced
Hi-Gui) Bohjalian. They emigrated to the United States from Paris in 1927,
though both had been born near Constantinople just after the turn of the last
century. I saw them weekly, either at our home (a development Colonial) or
theirs (a three-story brick house that in my memory is a mansion, but that I
imagine would strike me as rather modest if I were to revisit it now).

My grandparents spoke a strange language, the characters that formed the words
in their books were impenetrable, and my grandfather used to wear a suit with a
vest, even on Saturday afternoons. He would play his beloved oud for hours.
Their sheer foreignness drove my father crazy, and he worked hard to be more
American than a Ford motor plant. In hindsight, I shouldn't be surprised that he
entered one of the more iconic American professions of the middle part of the
20th century: advertising.

But there was also something tragic about Leo and Haigoohi. Though no one ever
told me the precise circumstances, I knew that three of their four parents had
died in the genocide of 1915, and Leo -- who had left Turkey -- went back after
World War I to find Haigoohi. Sometimes I was told that she had been hidden by a
Muslim family, other times that she had found shelter in a convent.

Still, my father never spoke of what may have happened to his ancestors in 1915,
and as a boy I never asked. And so their story emerges in unexpected, fitful
thunderstorms -- such as my aunt's yogurt smoothie story last month.

Now, in a powerful memoir being published for the first time in English, I may
finally be getting an inkling of what Leo and Haigoohi's parents endured in the
Armenian nightmare of 1915-16. Originally published in 1922, "Armenian Golgotha"
is Father Grigoris Balakian's account of his deportation from Constantinople
with 250 other Armenian intellectual and political leaders on April 24, 1915 --
now Armenian Genocide Remembrance Day -- and the cruelties he endured over the
next three years as he struggled to survive. Roughly 1.2 million Armenians would
either be slaughtered by Turkish killing squads or would die of exposure or
starve to death in camps in the deserts at the southeastern edges of the Ottoman
Empire. Balakian was a great-uncle of the poet and memoirist Peter Balakian, who
translated this account with Aris Sevag.

The book presents a litany of barbaric savageries: the mobile killing squads
(chetes) of pardoned Turkish criminals; the endless caravans of starving women
and children; the grisly decapitations and dismemberments of unarmed Armenians
by frenzied mobs using "axes, hatchets, shovels, and pitchforks."  Balakian
shares it all in a tone that vacillates between reportorial numbness and a grim
determination to live to tell the world what he has witnessed: "On our second
day . . . we saw, in the fields on both sides of the road, the first decomposed
human skeletons and even more skulls, long hair still attached to them, leaving
no doubt that they belonged to females. Among our companions were young Armenian
intellectuals . . . . They often bent down to pick up the skulls and kiss them."

When Balakian asks the Turkish captain guarding them why the victims hadn't been
buried, he's informed that they had been tossed into a mass grave, but the
winter floods had washed away the dirt. Then the captain adds offhandedly that
these were the bones of some of the 86,000 Armenians who had been "put on this
road so that we could cleanse them." (The word "cleanse" as a euphemism for
genocide appears often in the text, as does the word "jihad," giving the account
an eerie and disturbing contemporaneousness.)

Balakian eventually escapes from the caravan, using his fluency in German to
pass in a variety of guises, including that of a German engineer.

In addition to being a poignant, often harrowing story about the resiliency of
the human spirit, "Armenian Golgotha" is also a window on a moment in history
that most Americans only dimly understand. Despite the enormous amount of new
scholarship into the genocide (including work by Turkish scholars), some
Americans view the killings as less calculated than the Holocaust and wonder
whether the event should even be categorized as "genocide" -- especially at the
risk of antagonizing Turkey, a NATO ally. (Exhibit A? The current debate over a
possible U.S. House resolution that actually places the words "Armenian" and
"genocide" side by side.) In some people's eyes, particularly those who wish to
deny what really happened, the Armenian ordeal was a series of chaotic,
decentralized, non-bureaucratic massacres -- the opposite of the systematic,
state-centralized, bureaucratic slaughter of 6 million in the Holocaust.
Balakian's account, however, is rich with evidence of the Turkish government's
complicity and its leaders' premeditation. Deportation, in their vernacular, was
always a subterfuge for extermination.

So I hope that "Armenian Golgotha" will be widely read, both as a riveting tale
of one man's survival and as a historical document.

Chris Bohjalian is the author of 11 novels, including "Midwives" and  "The
Double Bind."

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE; Armenian Orphans. Photo: Armenian National Institute
(www.armenian-genocide.org). Elder Photo Collection.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             425 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 1, 2009 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

GM, Ford to Make Payments for Buyers Who Lose Jobs;
Hyundai Got Boost After Starting Similar Program in January

BYLINE: Sholnn Freeman; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 542 words


Auto companies, desperate to recharge a dismal U.S. sales year, are trying to
lure customers with an offer to cover car payments for buyers who lose their
jobs.

General Motors and Ford Motor unveiled job-loss protection plans yesterday,
following the success of a similar program at Hyundai. GM said it will make nine
car payments of $500 each for customers who lose jobs. Ford is offering payments
of up to $700 for 12 months.

U.S.  automobile sales are barely running  above an annualized  pace of 9
million this year. By comparison, car companies in recent years have sold  16
million  to 17 million vehicles. Analysts say the sharp drop suggests that
Americans have grown so reluctant to buy new cars that they are even holding
back on replacing vehicles  that have been in accidents or no longer run.

Automakers are scheduled to release U.S. monthly sales results for March today.
Jim Farley, Ford's marketing chief, yesterday described March as an "awful"
sales month. Weak results could add more urgency to industry and government
efforts to find new ways to get people to buy cars and trucks.

On Monday, President Obama called for stepped-up government support for auto
buyers. He announced a government plan to back the warranties of GM and Chrysler
vehicles, in a bid to reassure consumers who fear that the companies might file
for bankruptcy. He also said he supported proposals that provided "generous" tax
credits to owners who turn in older models for fuel-efficient new cars.

Such programs are dubbed "cash for clunkers." A similar offer has helped lift
auto sales in Germany in the past year, but  such  initiatives have so far
stalled in  Congress. Lawmakers are working on compromise legislation to merge
competing proposals from Rep. Betty Sutton (D-Ohio) and Sen. Dianne Feinstein
(D-Calif.).

Hyundai launched the first auto-industry  unemployment payment plan for
customers in January. The plan has helped the carmaker build market share and
increase showroom traffic, according to John Krafcik, Hyundai Motor America's
chief executive. He said the company came up with the idea late last year after
trying sales incentives to reach buyers.

"There was a remarkable set of incentives, but sales were cratering," Krafcik
said. "Our observation was that there is a primal fear out there over jobs."

Jesse Toprak, senior analyst at Edmunds.com, said Hyundai is benefiting from its
overall brand image of value.

"Brands that resonate with value tend to do better in economic uncertain times,"
he said. "If you need to get a car, you probably don't want to spend an
extraordinary amount."

Greg Lewis, sales manager at Fitzgerald Lakeforest Auto Mall in Gaithersburg,
said a few customers have asked about the Hyundai plan. But he said the
initiative isn't driving sales. Most customers are interested instead in
Hyundai's improved Consumer Report quality scores, extended warranty coverage,
and cash and financing discounts. Hyundai is offering as much as $4,200 in cash
rebates on certain models.

In its new plan, Ford will cover payments for up to 12 months on any new Ford,
Lincoln or Mercury vehicle for customers who buy  by June 1 and lose jobs in
2009. The GM plan is available for customers who buy any of its vehicles except
Saab by April 30.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             426 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 30, 2009 Monday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Spartans Complete Motown Mission;
Michigan State to Face U-Conn. in Final Four That Is 90 Miles From Campus:
Michigan State 64, Louisville 52

BYLINE: Michael Marot; Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 538 words

DATELINE: INDIANAPOLIS, March 29


Even before Michigan State's first game of the season, Coach Tom Izzo gathered
his players and spelled out their goal.

"Ford Field," he wrote on a dry-erase board.

That part of the Motown mission is now complete.

The Spartans gave the Final Four a hometown feel, stopping No. 1 overall seed
Louisville, 64-52, on Sunday to win the Midwest Region.

Goran Suton had 19 points and 10 rebounds as the second-seeded Spartans (30-6)
played the pace game to perfection and reached their fifth Final Four in 11
years -- the most trips of any team in the nation during that span.

Only 90 miles from their campus in East Lansing, Mich., the Spartans will play
Connecticut on Saturday at Ford Field in Detroit. A crowd of 72,000, the largest
ever for college basketball's signature event, is expected for each game.

"Detroit, here we come," said Izzo, a Michigan native. "I can't tell you how
much I'm looking forward to that."

The Spartans made it 30 years after Magic Johnson led them to a national title
over Larry Bird and Indiana State.

"Detroit needs something, Michigan needs something to feel good about," said
Johnson, who was at the game. "And right now, the whole state is feeling good
about this Michigan State team."

Along with advancing, the Spartans prevented a Big East blitz in the Final Four
-- Coach Rick Pitino and Louisville (31-6) were trying to become the third
school from the power-packed conference to make it.

"They were the better team," Louisville's Terrence Williams said. "They were
quicker than us, their defense was more physical and we couldn't turn them over
like we wanted to."

Next week's short trip will be a special treat for many Spartans -- eight
Michigan residents are on the roster.

Durrell Summers, who delivered 10 second-half points, grew up in Detroit. Kalin
Lucas, the Big Ten player of the year, was raised 10 minutes from the stadium.

Michigan has one of the nation's highest unemployment rates and Detroit's
economy, which is heavily reliant on the flailing automaking industry, has been
reeling. The team is certainly aware of the state's plight.

"I'm just hoping we're a silver lining in what's been kind of a cloudy year for
us," Izzo said. "I'm hoping that we're the sunshine, I'm hoping we're something
to embrace."

After traveling to Indianapolis, Minneapolis and back to Indianapolis the last
three weekends, the Spartans showed their zeal at the end.

Exuberant players were hugging with more than a minute to go, and as the buzzer
sounded, Isaiah Dahlman tossed the ball high into the air as players and coaches
jumped for joy, then took part in a group hug in front of the bench.

"One thing we told ourselves was that we was going to get back there [ to
Detroit]," Lucas said.

The game went nothing like Louisville expected.

Its vaunted pressure defense produced no fast-break points. After committing
nine turnovers in Friday's 39-point rout over Arizona, the Cardinals matched
that total in 18 minutes Sunday. They opened the game on a scoring drought that
lasted nearly four minutes.

And two days after scoring 103 points, they barely avoided setting a new a
season-low point total thanks to Earl Clark's three-pointer with 12 seconds
left. Louisville scored 51 points against Connecticut on Feb. 2.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Michael Conroy -- Associated Press; Durrell Summers, one of
eight Spartan players who are Michigan residents, maneuvers his way through
Louisville's defense. Summers scored 10 of his 12 points in the second half.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             427 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 27, 2009 Friday
                                Regional Edition

Co-Founder of Defense Firm, Philanthropist

BYLINE: Patricia Sullivan; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 490 words


Bernard J. Dunn, 84, one of the founders of the defense and technology
contracting firm BDM International, died March 14 at Inova Fairfax Hospital of
complications from an accidental fall at his home in Reston a month earlier.

Dr. Dunn, BDM's former chairman and chief scientist, joined with fellow Fordham
University professors in 1959 to form Braddock, Dunn, and McDonald, which they
later shortened to their initials.

The firm, based first in New York and then at the White Sands Missile Range in
New Mexico, moved to the Washington area in the early 1970s and became a highly
successful business.

The firm played a major role in the development of anti-missile technology,
tested weapons systems and performed rapid runway repairs for the military,
studied the effect of large electromagnetic fields on U.S. aircraft and missiles
and worked to enhance the Strategic Air Command's communications systems,
according to a 1983 article in The Washington Post.

In 1986, Dr. Dunn  became the first of the principals to retire. BDM was sold to
Ford Motor Co. in 1988 and later was sold to TRW and then to Northrop Grumman.

Dr. Dunn was active in philanthropic and charitable causes in Northern Virginia,
including his $10 million endowment of the Bernard J. Dunn School of Pharmacy at
Shenandoah University in Winchester, which was named for his father, a
pharmacist who died when Dr. Dunn was 10.

Bernard Joseph Dunn was born in New York City. He enrolled in Fordham University
but dropped out during World War II to join the Army Air Forces. He served as a
bombardier aboard a B-24 in the South Pacific and survived a plane crash on Biak
Island in Indonesia.

Upon his return to the United States, he used three years' worth of savings to
buy his mother a baby grand piano, which the family still owns.

He graduated from Fordham in 1947 and received a master's degree in physics from
Columbia University in 1949. He studied at Fordham under physicist and Nobel
laureate Victor Hess while working on his doctorate in physics, which was
awarded in 1958.

Dr. Dunn, who married the daughter of another Fordham physics professor in 1952,
taught at his alma mater for a year before leaving to form BDM with Daniel F.
McDonald and Joseph V. Braddock.

After his retirement, Dr. Dunn and his family moved to Middleburg.

Dr. Dunn established the Bernard J. Dunn Eminent Scholars Endowment in
Information Technology at George Mason University, and he was a supporter of
Loudon Hospital, the Loudon County Symphony and Notre Dame Academy. With his
former business partners, he helped create the Potomac Foundation. He was also a
member of Sigma Xi, the scientific research society, and St. John Neumann
Catholic Church in Reston.

Survivors include his wife of 56 years, Anne-Marie Dunn of Reston; four
children, retired Army Col. Bernard J. Dunn of Dubai, William T. Dunn of
Houston, Anne-Marie Hobbs of Oakton and Robert J. Dunn of Arlington; and seven
grandchildren.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Family Photo; Bernard J. Dunn and started BDM International with
fellow professors.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             428 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            March 18, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Ford Retiree Deal Won't Suit GM, CEO Says

BYLINE: Peter Whoriskey; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 576 words


When Ford and the United Auto Workers reached an agreement last month on retiree
health care, it was touted as a model for the industry, one that could save the
companies from faltering under the multibillion-dollar burden.

But General Motors chief executive G. Richard Wagoner Jr. yesterday emphasized
that the Ford approach does not suit GM.

"The Ford program does not meet our needs at all," he told reporters at a
Washington breakfast. "It probably works for Ford, it doesn't work for us. We
need to do something different."

How to handle retiree health care has emerged as one of the key challenges
facing the auto companies.

GM owes an estimated $20 billion to a retiree health fund; Chrysler owes $10
billion.

Under the terms of their loan agreement with the federal government, each
company must attempt to strike a union deal by March 31 that would allow them to
pay half of their retiree health obligations in stock rather than cash.

Ford's agreement to pay half its retiree health costs in stock was viewed as a
potential framework for GM and Chrysler. But there are significant differences
between the Ford deal and the type of agreement GM and Chrysler can make.

"Because of demographics, because of history, et cetera, we can have some
different needs," Wagoner said. "So what works for Company A doesn't always work
for Company B."

One of the key differences is that under the Ford agreement, the company gives
up the right to pay its obligations in stock under certain circumstances.

For example, Ford loses the option to pay in stock when the stock price dips
below $1 or when it receives a note from its auditors stating it is at risk of
no longer remaining a "going concern."

GM has already received such a warning from its auditor.

Moreover, the relative burden of retiree health-care costs is different for GM
and Ford.

Ford owes $13.1 billion to its retiree health fund, while its market
capitalization is about $5.5 billion.

By contrast, GM owes $20 billion to the retiree health fund and has a market
capitalization of $1.5 billion.

Together, GM and Chrysler must try to reach new retiree health-care agreements
with the union in order to keep their $17.4 billion in loans. Both companies,
moreover, are seeking additional assistance.

As auto sales continue to slide, Chrysler chief executive Robert L. Nardelli is
also seeking additional funds for Chrysler Financial, on top of a $1.5 billion
loan from the Treasury Department.

"We have gone back to Treasury and said 'we need to re-up that amount,' " he
told the financial cable television channel CNBC yesterday. "We saw the evidence
of how that works."

Nardelli didn't give an exact figure, but more loans would open up Chrysler
Financial to a wider range of qualifying customers and increase sales as much as
20 percent, he said.

Some members of Congress have suggested other forms of help as well. In a push
to get gas-guzzlers off the road and spur new-car sales, Rep. Betty Sutton
(D-Ohio) introduced legislation yesterday that would offer cash incentives to
people willing to scrap their old cars and trucks.

Consumers would receive $3,000 to $5,000 for turning in vehicles that are at
least 8 years old to buy more fuel-efficient vehicles or use mass transit. To
qualify for the program, new-car purchases must meet a minimum of 27 mpg on the
highway and new trucks must meet 24 mpg. The better the fuel efficiency, the
bigger the incentive.

Staff writer Kendra Marr contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; CEO Richard Wagoner says GM has "different needs" than Ford.
IMAGE; By Mark Duncan -- Associated Press; Mike Braddock, left, and David
Kaszian check parts at a GM plant in Ohio. GM owes an estimated $20 billion to a
retiree health fund; Chrysler owes $10 billion. Both firms must strike a union
deal by March 31 to keep their U.S. loans.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             429 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 17, 2009 Tuesday
                                Regional Edition

INTERNATIONAL BRIEFING

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D06

LENGTH: 367 words

BANKING

Barclays May Sell iShares

Barclays said it has had a good start to 2009 and confirmed it has been in talks
with several parties about selling iShares, its San Francisco-based asset
management unit.

"Barclays' businesses continue to perform well and have had a strong start to
2009," the company said, without specifying further.

Despite the  statement, the bank confirmed it was considering divestments to
boost its capital reserves as well as possibly joining the government's
insurance plan for bad assets.

News reports over the weekend said Barclays was looking to raise cash to avoid
giving the government a stake in the company -- the cost for participating in
the state insurance program.

The Financial Times said a sale of iShares could net Barclays  $4.2 billion to
$7 billion.

AUTOMOTIVE

Ford to Cut European Output

Ford said it will cut capacity and costs in its European operations because of
weaker demand amid the economic crisis, even while investing $260 million in its
plant in Cologne, Germany. Ford spokesman Tom Malcolm said no job cuts or
layoffs were planned.

The investment in Cologne, announced separately by government officials, would
help secure jobs at the plant and get the company through the current economic
crisis, North-Rhine Westfalia Minister President Juergen Ruettgers said when
announcing the deal.

At a news conference, Ford only confirmed it will invest a "three-digit million"
sum in the Cologne plant, which employs about 800 people.

BRAZIL

Lula Warns Against Protectionism

President Luiz InÃ¡cio Lula da Silva said countries seeking to help their
economies weather the global slump must avoid  protectionist policies.

"Protectionism is a drug that provides temporary relief, but in the end leads to
major crisis," Lula told investors in New York.

Lula, who met with President Obama over the weekend, is in New York with other
Brazilian officials to reassure investors as growth in Latin America's largest
economy evaporates.

Lula's drive for more free trade is a reversal for Brazil, which since 1994 has
opposed a U.S. proposal for a hemisphere-wide trade agreement.

Compiled from reports by Washington Post staff writers, the Associated Press and
Bloomberg News.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             430 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 16, 2009 Monday
                                 Every Edition

APPOINTMENTS

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 797 words

Companies

Tishman Construction of the District named Thomas Rathburn first vice president,
Michael Epp and Michael Baruccheri project manager, and Jonathan Brunelle
assistant project engineer.

CGI Federal of Fairfax named Anne Laurent director in its thought leadership
program.

SkyTerra of Reston named Gary Epstein executive vice president of law and
regulation and Marc Montagner, former managing director and co-head of the
global telecom group at Banc of America Securities,  executive vice president of
strategy, development and distribution.

Engineering Services Network of Arlington named Wesley Mandler president of the
Northern Virginia Deltek GCS Premier User Group.

Mitre of McLean named James Cook vice president.

Group Goetz Architects of the District named Robert Sly, former project manager
with Morris Architects in Orlando, associate principal and studio director of
its commercial design practice.

Potomac Community Resources of Potomac named Stephen F. Riley executive
director, Seth Duncan program director, and Abby Lubran volunteer and program
coordinator.

AM General of Arlington named Daniel J. Dell'Orto, former principal deputy
general counsel of the Department of Defense, senior vice president of general
counsel and corporate secretary.

PositiveEdge Strategies of Chantilly named Mark Ennis vice president of its
human capital division and Mark E. Zigo vice president of strategic development.

BBC & Associates of Bethesda named Christine Owens, former director of
development at the Potomac School in McLean, senior associate.

The Magazine Group of the District named Michael Laxineta, former managing
director for marketing and strategic planning at Tribune Media Net, senior vice
president of sales and marketing.

Platinum Solutions of Reston named Burke Cox, former chief executive of
Stelligent, chief technology officer.

Homes Lowry Horn & Johnson of Fairfax named Kathleen M. Poorbaugh principal.

Associations/Nonprofits

National Industries for the Blind named Claudia Knott, former director for
acquisitions management at the Defense Logistics Agency, vice president of
operations.

The Gerontological Society of America named Linda Harootyan deputy executive
director and senior director, Christopher Yoder senior director of finance and
administration, and Paul Stearns senior director of membership and marketing.

AARP of the District named Edna Kane-Williams, former director of its Foundation
Integration, vice president of African American outreach and Raquel Egusquiza,
former director of community development and international strategy for Ford
Motor Co. Fund, vice president of Hispanic outreach.

Noblis of Falls Church named John Mercier division director in the center for
national security and intelligence.

CNA of Alexandria named Dr. Martin Feldstein, former adviser to presidents
Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush, distinguished fellow.

Health Care

 Jones Public Affairs of the District named Marichelli Hughes, former vice
president with Thorp & Co. in Miami, account director.

Legal

Hunton & Williams of the District named Laura Palmer associate.

Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman named Christopher Wall senior international
trade partner.

Lerch, Early & Brewer of Bethesda named Mimi L. Magyar principal in its family
law practice group and Ruth O. Katz, former attorney for Grenadier, Anderson,
Simpson & Duffett in Alexandria, associate in its community associations
practice group.

Cooley Godward Kronish of the District named Connie N. Bertram, former head of
the government contractor services group at Winston & Strawn, partner in its
employment and labor practice.

Rothwell, Figg, Ernst & Manbeck of the District named Nancy J. Linck, former
solicitor at the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office, partner.

Barnes, Richardson & Colburn of the District named Jeffrey S. Neeley partner and
Michael S. Holton, formerly with the Department of Commerce's Office of
China/Non-Market Economy Compliance, associate.

Baker, Donelson, Bearman, Caldwell & Berkowitz of the District named Judith K.
Meritz member in its health-care practice and Jennifer M. Summa senior public
policy adviser in its health-care policy group.

MicroTechnologies of Vienna named Tomas Esterrich chief financial officer,
Catherine Robinson vice president for proposal development, Mary Simon senior
vice president of enterprise services & solutions, and Paul Price chief of
staff.

Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal of the District named Thomas K. Hyatt, formerly
with Ober, Kaler, Grimes & Shriver, partner in its health-care and nonprofit
institutions practices.

Send information about promotions, appointments and personnel moves in the
Washington area to Appointments, Business News Department, The Washington Post,
1150 15th St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20071-5302, or to appointments@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             431 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            March 11, 2009 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

NATIONAL BRIEFING

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 692 words

MANUFACTURING

United Tech to Cut 11,600 Jobs

United Technologies cut its 2009 profit forecast 13 percent and said it will
eliminate 11,600 jobs, or 5 percent of its global work force.

The announcement by the maker of Otis elevators and Sikorsky helicopters
reverses the guarded optimism of a month ago when the company's top executives
continued to back a higher earnings forecast. The company now says the markets
for commercial aerospace and global construction have worsened since December as
worldwide construction and aerospace orders slowed.

The company reduced its 2009 earnings-per-share forecast to between $4 and
$4.50, from its outlook of $4.65 to $5.15 per share. Since issuing the initial
guidance, United Technologies' restructuring costs have soared to $750 million
for 2009 from $150 million.

The work force reductions bring to 18,000 the number of jobs cut this year and
in 2008.

AUTOMOTIVE

Visteon Averts Default

Auto parts supplier Visteon said it made a $16 million payment on outstanding
bonds by a deadline yesterday, avoiding a default that had threatened to send
the company into bankruptcy protection. "Our bond interest payment was paid in
full today, and we continue to manage through the current challenging operating
environment," said Jim Fisher, spokesman for the Van Buren Township, Mich.-based
company.

Although Ford Motor spun off Visteon in 2000, it remains a major supplier for
the Detroit automaker and also makes parts for other car companies. Like other
suppliers, it has been struggling recently as new-car sales have collapsed and
as automakers idle factories and slash production.

LEGAL

Plea Coming in Price-Fixing Case

Hitachi Displays agreed to plead guilty to fixing prices of
liquid-crystal-display panels sold to Dell and pay a $31 million fine, according
to the Department of Justice.

Hitachi Displays and unnamed co-conspirators agreed from 2001 to 2004 to set
prices charged to Dell for the panels, which are used in desktop monitors and
notebook computers, according to documents filed by the United States today in
federal court in San Francisco.

Hitachi is the fourth company to plead guilty in a U.S. probe of a global
price-fixing conspiracy in display panels. LG Display, Chunghwa Picture Tubes
and Sharp agreed to plead guilty in November and pay $585 million in criminal
fines.

AIRLINES

Delta to Cut International Flights

 Delta Air Lines said it will cut international capacity by an additional 10
percent starting in September, a move that will likely mean more job reductions.

In a memo to employees, chief executive Richard Anderson and President Ed
Bastian said the capacity cuts are in addition to Delta's announcement in
December that it will cut systemwide capacity in 2009 by 6 percent to 8 percent.

Delta said the international capacity cuts will be targeted to areas where Delta
has had  the most revenue weakness -- the Atlantic and Pacific networks. The
airline said that it still plans to increase Latin America capacity in the
fourth quarter.

EARNINGS

Sirius XM Radio said its fourth-quarter loss widened to $245.8 million from
$166.2 million in the comparable period a year earlier on costs to write down
assets. Sales more than doubled, to $622.2 million from $249.8 million. The
company's full-year loss widened to $5.31 billion from $565.3 million the
previous year. Revenue rose 80 percent, to $1.66 billion.

The satellite broadcaster avoided bankruptcy last month after receiving $530
million in loans from Liberty Media. Sirius XM ended the quarter with 19 million
subscribers, up 10 percent from a year ago.

Kroger said its fourth-quarter profit rose 8 percent as shoppers increasingly
bypassed restaurants, going to the grocery more often and loading their carts
with store brands at record rates. The nation's largest traditional grocery
store chain said it earned $349.2 million, up from $322.9 in the fourth quarter
of 2007. Revenue was essentially even, at $17.36 billion.

For the year, the company earned $1.25 billion, up 6 percent from 2007, while
sales rose 8 percent, to $76 billion.

Compiled from reports by Washington Post staff writers, the Associated Press and
Bloomberg News.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             432 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 10, 2009 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Auto Task Force Takes Detroit Road Trip;
Members Considering Additional Loans

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D03

LENGTH: 670 words


President Obama's auto task force gave Detroit a close-up inspection yesterday
as members consider whether to extend additional loans to the struggling
automakers.

It was panel's first trip to Motor City since Treasury Department advisers
Steven Rattner and Ron Bloom began their fact-finding meetings two weeks ago.
Their visit coincided with an announcement by the United Auto Workers, saying
members had ratified an agreement to give Ford more flexibility in how it meets
its obligation to provide future health care for retirees.

The task force is racing against the calendar to address General Motors' and
Chrysler's looming cash constraints. By the end of this month, GM needs at least
$2 billion and Chrysler needs $5 billion to hold off bankruptcy.

Rattner and Bloom   were joined by  National Economic Council members Diana
Farrell and Brian Deese.

Driving around town in a Jeep Grand Cherokee, they met with GM chief executive
G. Richard Wagoner Jr. at the company's technical center in Warren to test-drive
an early prototype of its highly anticipated plug-in electric car, the Chevrolet
Volt, as well as Chevrolet Equinox, a hydrogen fuel cell sport utility vehicle,
said people familiar with the visit, who were not authorized to speak publicly
because the meeting was private. The panel also examined a line-up of vehicles
that will be unveiled over the next year.

Later, they convened at Chrysler's Warren truck plant, or "Dodge City," where
workers have been building trucks since 1938. The foursome met with Chrysler's
management, including chief executive Robert L. Nardelli and vice chairmen Jim
Press and Tom LaSorda.

Task force members also had an appointment with United Auto Workers President
Ron Gettelfinger at the union's Detroit headquarters, Solidarity House. The
union told the panel that 59 percent of production workers and 58 percent of
skilled-trade workers voted for a deal that would allow  Ford to pay up to half
of its $13.2 billion health-care commitment with stock, alleviating the
automaker of its big cash obligation.

"The voting results show that our members are prepared to make painful
sacrifices in order to be part of the solution to the problems facing Ford and
the U.S. auto industry,"  UAW Vice President Bob King, who runs the union's Ford
department, said in a statement.

After contract  talks collapsed with GM, the UAW turned to Ford last month.
Analysts say the new Ford contract could serve as a model for ongoing
negotiations with GM and Chrysler.

Obama has called for concessions by all stakeholders. Yesterday's visit by the
government's task force "provided a constructive glimpse of GM people, their
passion for their work, and the technology solutions that are behind the pages
of our viability plan,"  GM said in a statement.

To date, the task force has called meetings with nearly every major industry
player, from dealers to bondholders. This week it will meet with Toyota, its
second meeting with a foreign automaker, to discuss the state of the industry.

So far participants have said the meetings have focused on educating the
Treasury on the world of auto manufacturing. Task force members peppered them
with questions and gave few hints about their thinking on additional financial
assistance.

"Seeing Michigan autoworkers and the exciting new technologies they are
producing in action will undoubtedly be very useful in establishing policy
recommendations that will help our industry weather the credit crisis and
compete and win in the global economy," Rep. Gary Peters (D-Mich.) said in a
statement.

While the auto industry's fate remains largely an executive decision, top
Republicans -- Sens. John McCain of Arizona  and  Richard C. Shelby of Alabama
and Rep. John A. Boehner of Ohio  -- spoke over the weekend against giving
additional aid to GM and Chrysler.

"The best thing that could probably happen to General Motors, in my view, is
they go into Chapter 11," McCain said on the TV  show "Fox News Sunday."

Staff writer David Cho contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Jeff Kowalsky -- Bloomberg News; Ronald Bloom, second from
the left, Diana Farrell, and Brian Deese, right, arrive in a Jeep Grand Cherokee
at Chrysler's Warren, Mich. truck plant where they met with Chrysler managers.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             433 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              March 8, 2009 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Driving Hybrid Disbelievers Into the Fold

BYLINE: 2010 Ford Fusion Hybrid; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 831 words


The trouble with Capitol Hill is hypocrisy. That might not be surprising to
cynics who believe politicians are, by definition, hypocrites. But it becomes
more than a little disturbing when those politicians base their policy
objectives on their hypocrisy.

Let's be frank about this. Let's be clear. For the past year, as the national
economy began to unwind, particularly that part of it represented by the
automobile industry, we heard lots of talk from Capitol Hill about Detroit's
need to "restructure," Detroit's need to make cars, and fewer trucks, that
"Americans want to buy."

It was bunk fueled by bias. The self-evident portion of that bunk is that 48
percent of the new cars and trucks sold in this country are built by General
Motors, Ford and Chrysler. That's pretty darned good defense of a home market
that is wide open to car manufacturers from all over the world, including
foreign manufacturers ably assisted by hundreds of millions of dollars in tax
breaks from states seeking new factories.

The bias is more subtle. To detect it, you have to spend time trolling the
garages and parking lots of Capitol Hill. Lots of Acura, Audi, BMW, Honda,
Mercedes-Benz and Toyota cars are in those places. After a while, it becomes
clear that it's not so much that Detroit does not make cars Americans want to
buy. What's obvious is that many of the people who were sent to Washington to
represent America are no longer interested in taking what America is making.

Their rejection of homemade goods has more to do with their illusion of status
and sophistication than it does with any inherent inferiority in American cars
and trucks. What they need is a motorized attitude changer. I can suggest many
with GM, Ford and, on the truck side, Chrysler badges. But in this space, at
this time, I offer one -- the 2010 Ford Fusion Hybrid family sedan.

We did not want to return the Fusion Hybrid at the end of the test week, during
which we tried all sorts of things to make it run out of gas.

Mary Anne, my wife, drove it all over Northern Virginia, deliberately allowing
it to idle, only to discover that she was saving fuel by recharging the Fusion
Hybrid's nickel-metal hydride batteries through regenerative braking. Ria
Manglapus, this column's assistant for vehicle evaluations, didn't get much time
behind the wheel of the Fusion Hybrid. It's what happens when Mary Anne falls in
love with a test car, as she did with this one.

But I wrested the car from Mary Anne for a long, two-day drive around Virginia.
Many of you familiar with this column know that I'm not exactly an enthusiastic
fan of hybrids. I think too many of them are too gimmicky, not efficient enough
to justify their generally higher purchase costs, and too laden with unanswered
questions -- such as end-life battery disposal and assembly line-to-grave energy
costs.

I still have my doubts. But after a week in the oh-so-smooth, technologically
transparent Fusion Hybrid, I've not only become more of a believer in hybrids,
but I've also moved closer than ever to buying a hybrid automobile.

The basics are all good. Exterior design, accented by an edgily sculpted,
three-bar grille, is attractive. Overall fit and finish and interior ergonomics
-- the way things are designed for ease of reach and sight -- are excellent. And
the Fusion is an information lover's delight, much more so than any hybrid I've
driven.

There is what Ford calls a "smart gauge" instrument cluster. It has color
liquid-crystal display screens on either side of the car's speedometer. The
driver can select from among four information packages, most of which monitor
gas-electric power flows and exchanges, and one of which renders your green
driving score via an on-screen, electronic growth of green leaves.

But the bottom line is that Ford's claim that the Fusion Hybrid offers the best
fuel economy of any mid-size family sedan on the market has something of
real-world truth, which can be a really good thing for city-suburban commuters,
who waste much time and fuel idling in traffic jams.

Mary Anne and I averaged 40 miles per gallon in city traffic, one mile less than
the Environmental Protection Agency's city rating of 41 miles per gallon for the
Fusion Hybrid. We got 36 miles per gallon on the highway, where the Fusion
Hybrid's 2.5-liter, inline four-cylinder gasoline engine, running on regular
unleaded, does most of the work.

I really like this car, mostly because it feels and looks like a nice,
high-quality, midsize family sedan instead of a science project.

But I mostly like it because it proves what I've been writing and saying for
years. Detroit makes good cars. The only people who don't know that are people,
who for reasons both valid and ill-founded, long ago abandoned Detroit. They
need to come back and take another look. Detroit has changed. For proof, take a
drive in the 2010 Ford Fusion Hybrid.

ON WHEELS WITH WARREN BROWN Listen from noon to 1 p.m. Tuesdays on WMET World
Radio (1160 AM) or http://www.wmet1160.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Ford

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             434 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              March 8, 2009 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Nuts & Bolts;
2010 Ford Fusion Hybrid

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 292 words


Complaints: We have a bias toward leather seating surfaces. But leather is an
expensive option, which, apparently, is why Ford chose cheaper cloth seating
surfaces in a hybrid sedan that comes with a built-in premium.

Ride, acceleration and handling: It beats all midsize hybrid cars in all three
categories. Compare with Chevrolet Malibu Hybrid, Saturn Aura Hybrid, and Toyota
Camry Hybrid.

Head-turning quotient: Sharp, high-end, attractive.

Body style/layout: The Ford Fusion Hybrid is a front-wheel-drive, midsize family
sedan powered by a 2.5-liter, inline four-cylinder gasoline engine working in
tandem with an electric motor driven by a nickel-metal hydride battery. The car
can reach a speed of 47 miles per hour on battery power only. The gasoline
engine takes over at higher speeds and shuts itself off at idle and slow speeds.
Re-captured heat from braking helps recharge the battery.

Capacities: There are seats for five people. Maximum luggage capacity is 12
cubic feet. The fuel tank holds 17 gallons of recommended regular unleaded
gasoline.

Mileage: City mileage is generally better than highway mileage in
current-generation gas-electric hybrids. We got 40 miles per gallon in the city
and 36 mpg on the highway.

Safety: Standard equipment includes front and rear solid disc brakes with
antilock control; electronic stability and traction control; side and rear air
bags.

Pricing: Base price on the 2010 Ford Fusion Hybrid is $27,270. Dealer's invoice
price on that model is $24,988. Price as tested is $27,995, including a $725
destination charge. Dealer's price as tested is $25,713. Prices sourced from
Ford, Edmunds.com and Cars.com, an affiliate of The Washington Post.

Purse-strings note: The Ford Fusion Hybrid gets a solid "buy" here.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             435 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 5, 2009 Thursday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Ford Tries to Retire $10.4 Billion in Debt

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D03

LENGTH: 689 words


Ford announced plans yesterday to eliminate up to $10.4 billion of its debt by
offering cash and stock to its creditors in hopes of positioning itself to
better weather the weakest auto sales market in more than two decades.

The automaker had $25.8 billion in debt at the end of last year. Ford and its
finance arm, Ford Motor Credit, could spend up to $2.2 billion in cash and use
up to 500 million shares of Ford stock to cut that debt load, Ford spokesman
Mark Truby said.

By reducing its debt, Ford is attempting to secure concessions similar to those
being sought by General Motors and Chrysler as conditions of their receipt of
billions of dollars in federal loans.

Ford has not asked for any federal aid, but the company says it must reduce
costs to remain competitive with the other American automakers.

The plan is "a critical step in Ford's overall transformation," Ford chief
executive Alan Mulally said in a statement. "We are continuing to work with all
of our stakeholders -- including employees, dealers and suppliers -- to secure
Ford's future in this difficult economic environment."

Gregg Lemos-Stein, an analyst with Standard & Poor's, said Ford's move would not
only help the company shore up finances, but also put it in a better position to
seek federal aid later. Under the terms of the $17.4 billion in federal loans,
the Treasury Department had asked GM and Chrysler to cut unsecured debt by at
least two-thirds through a debt-for-equity swap.

"If at some point later in the year they need government assistance, this is one
of the things they need to accomplish to clear that way for that," Lemos-Stein
said.

The credit-rating agencies reacted negatively to Ford's announcement, with
Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's downgrading their ratings of the
automaker. S&P said it considered a restructuring to be "tantamount to a
default."

GM continues to struggle to reach a consensus with its bondholders. Advisers to
a committee of 10 GM bondholders are scheduled to meet Friday with President
Obama's auto task force. Chrysler has far less unsecured debt and does not face
the same urgency.

GM and Chrysler are also still working on winning concessions from the United
Auto Workers to change the way the companies would help fund retiree health care
in the future. The companies want to make a portion of the payment in stock
instead of cash.

Ford has already reached such an agreement. Under the deal struck last month,
the automaker will pay half of its obligation to a union-run health-care trust
with stock, a deal that relieves Ford of a large cash commitment.

Ford has historically had a stronger relationship with the union, said Harley
Shaiken, a professor of labor relations at the University of California at
Berkeley. In 1981, a recession led the union to reopen contract negotiations a
year earlier than previously scheduled. The UAW went to GM first, but after
negotiations collapsed it turned to Ford, which ultimately signed off on a new
contract.

"Auto industry history doesn't disappear over night," Shaiken said. "It takes
time to develop trust, it takes time to work together. There is a constructive
framework in place to bargain out the differences."

Under the proposed bondholder deal, Ford will offer to convert about $4.9
billion in bonds issued in 2006. Bondholders would receive 108.7 shares of stock
plus $80 in cash for each $1,000 in bonds.

Ford Motor Credit would spend up to $1.3 billion in buying back Ford bonds. The
finance arm also has a separate $500 million cash offer for Ford's senior
secured-term loan debt.

GM and Chrysler have benefited from receiving loans from the Treasury
Department's financial rescue plan. But under a new government program unveiled
Tuesday,  Ford Motor Credit is expected use it to sell new securities that would
allow people to get loans to buy Ford cars.

Meanwhile, the economic downturn hammering Detroit's car companies is also
hitting Asian automakers.

Honda may ask to borrow money from the Japanese government to lend to U.S.
consumers, according to a Bloomberg report.

Toyota is also in talks with Tokyo to get loans for its captive finance arm.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             436 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 28, 2009 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Ford Meets With U.S. Task Force;
Automaker Says It Still Does Not Need Emergency Funding

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 613 words


Ford executives met with the Obama administration's automotive task force
yesterday to discuss what they described as "the state of the industry" and said
the company did not need federal aid to weather the downturn.

The meeting capped off the panel's week-long fact-finding mission to better
understand the auto manufacturing world. Earlier this week, task force members
called on the top executives of General Motors and Chrysler, which are asking
for a total of $21.6 billion in additional federal loans, to discuss the details
of their viability plans, said people familiar with the talks. They also met
with leaders of the auto parts industry to talk about their own request for
government aid.

"Ford is in a different position, and our situation has not changed," Ford
spokesman Mike Moran said in a statement. "We did not and are not seeking
emergency financial assistance from the government."

Ford chief executive Alan R. Mulally was not involved in the talks, Moran said.
Moran and the Treasury Department declined to name the participants.

The executives were asked by the task force to come to Washington, said a person
familiar with the meeting who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks
were private. Before the global credit crunch took hold, Ford mortgaged nearly
all of its assets to borrow $18 billion for its restructuring in 2006. So when
GM and Chrysler took out $17.4 billion in federal loans in December, Ford said
it had enough cash.

Ford did ask Congress for a $9 billion line of credit last year in case market
conditions worsen significantly. The company did not receive that assistance
last year and has not reiterated that request.

Yesterday the automaker reopened its Cleveland plant, which has been idle since
2007, to build its new EcoBoost engines, part of the company's plan to become
the industry's fuel-efficiency leader.

But Ford has adjusted its annual sales forecast, indicating that it recognizes
the realities of a worsening economic slump. On Thursday, in a Securities and
Exchange Commission filing, the company lowered its industry-wide U.S. sales
forecast to a range of 10.5 million to 12.5 million cars and trucks for the
year. In what many analysts considered a sunny outlook, the company had been
projecting 11.5 to 12.5 million sales.

"They're just kind of catching up on what everyone else was already saying --
their numbers are high and the market is much worse," said Tracy Handler, an
auto analyst with IHS Global Insight.

To keep competitive, Ford has been clear that it also wants to benefit from any
concessions GM and Chrysler gain from their stakeholders. On Tuesday, Ford and
the United Auto Workers union reached an agreement on how to fund health
benefits for retirees, a deal that could become a template for negotiations with
GM and Chrysler.

The fact that they went first "testifies to the strength of the relationship the
union has built with Ford," said Harley Shaiken, a professor of labor relations
at the University of California at Berkeley.

To cut costs, Mulally and Chairman William Ford Jr. will take 30 percent pay
reductions over the next two years and Ford will offer another round of buyouts
to hourly workers.

Separately, GMAC, GM's finance arm, revealed in an SEC filing that it paid its
chief executive, Alvaro G. de Molina, $11.6 million last year in salary, stock
and other awards -- more than twice as much as a year earlier because of
Molina's recent promotion from chief operating officer. The company said it is
complying with the terms of its $6 billion government loan and has not announced
any changes to Molina's compensation for this year.

Staff writer Brady Dennis contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Mark Duncan -- Associated Press; Ken Czubay, a Ford vice
president, discusses the EcoBoost engine in Ohio.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             437 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                     February 27, 2009 Friday 11:00 AM EST

Real Wheels

BYLINE: Warren Brown, Washington Post columnist, washingtonpost.com

SECTION: LIVEONLINE

LENGTH: 2822 words



HIGHLIGHT: Warren Brown has covered the car industry for The Washington Post
since 1982.


Warren Brown has covered the car industry for The Washington Post since 1982.

Brown test drives all types of cars, from luxury sedans to the newest minivans
and hybrids. His On Wheels auto reviews are lively, detailed accounts of cars'
good and bad qualities.

Brown's Car Culture column addresses the social, political and economic trends
of the industry.

Brown comes online Fridays at 11 a.m. ET to answer your questions on every
aspect of the automotive industry -- from buying your dream car to the future of
the internal combustion engine.

The transcript follows.

Subscribe to the Real Wheels RSS Feed

____________________

Fairfax, Va.: Hi Warren, can you recommend a small to mid-size 4WD vehicle for
beach driving? I've considered the Jeep Wrangler, but I'm concerned about owner
reviews related to build (water leaks) and engine (stalling) quality.

Warren Brown: Good mornimg, Fairfax. The Jeep Wrangler is good. So are small
versions of the Land Rover. But, frankly, you'd do just as well, if not better,
with the Honda CR-V or Toyota Rav-4.

_______________________

Reston, Va.: I am considering purchasing the 2010 Ford Fusion Hybrid. What is
your opinion of the car?

Warren Brown: Hello, Reston:

I've driven every hybrid vehicle there is to drive. From the standpoints of
comfort and transparency, seeing how the electrical system combines with the
traditional ICE to produce better mileage and cleaner driving, the Ford Fusion
Hybrid is hands-down best. If I were going to buy a hybrid, it would be this
one. Seriously.

_______________________

Bethesda, Md.: how about giving up foreign cars for Lent and reviewing six weeks
or so of good old American-brand autos, no premium fuels, no $40,000+ price
tags, no 350 hp engines - just cars, American cars instead of what you've been
doing.

Warren Brown: Happy First Friday of Lent, Bethesda:

By coincidence, this Sunday's review is the 2009 Chevrolet Cobalt SS, about
$24,000, 262 hp, turbo inline four.

_______________________

McLean, Va.: Hiya Warren, what are your thoughts regarding the Ford Fusion? I
understand that Ford is making a hybrid version due out in the 2010 model year.
The hybrid is supposed to get 36 mpg. If this is a good car, should I wait for
the hybrid version? Thanks for doing these chats.

Warren Brown: Hello, McClean:

Assuming that the production version is as good as the prototype I drove two
weeks ago, yes. And it does deliver 36 mpg, pretty darned good for a mid-size
family sedan. Excellent build quality. Wonderfully transparent hybrid
technology. The driver knows what the car is doing at all times. And thanks to
some smart onboard electronocs, he/she knows what the car has done--mileage,
average mpg, speed--trip by trip. A great car!

_______________________

Re: Beach Driving: Is that ON the beach or TO the beach. Don't know anywhere
north of Nags Head you can legally do it ON. Only choice is a Wrangler with a
removable top, removable doors, fold-down windshield. And you can't hurt a Jeep.
150K on my third.

Warren Brown: Posted for posterity.

_______________________

Eastchester, N.Y.: Warren, I recently drove my civic from New York to D.C.,
while measuring the miles per gallon. I got 43mpg driving over 75 most of the
way. The car is a stick shift, but this mileage was seriously over the 39mpg
rating for this 2002 car. What's up with that?

Warren Brown: Welcome to the real world, Eastchester, where real mileage is
determined by driver behavior and externalities such as weather and road
surfaces. Federal mileage ratings, although now more accurate than ever, are
still pretty much a guess.

_______________________

Manassas, Va.: Hi Warren. I am shopping around for a vehicle and I stopped to
see a Chevy Traverse, as I want to be supportive of GM and love the crossover
idea. Oh dear. 16 mpg? In a city? And have you seen those rear seats? They are
built for a pre-teens bottom. No way my teenagers are going to ride comfortably
to grandma's house (4 hrs) in that vehicle. What the heck are they thinking?
There is enough room between the rear seats to put a suitcase so they easily
could have made them a bit wider. And why not use a bench seat? I wonder if they
are thinking that someone with very young kids will trade it in after a few
years for one with more reasonable seats? Boy wouldnt that be good for business.
I guess maybe I am too fussy. What do you think about this vehicle?

Warren Brown: Well, Manassas:

We recently drove the Chevrolet Traverse with all-wheel drive round-trip from
Northern Virginia (Arlington) to Detroit, traversing the Pennsylyvania Turnpike
in heavy snow. Great traction. Great handling. We fell in love with it. "We"
included me, my wife, Mary Anne;On Wheels column assistant, Ria Manglapus; and
two daughters, Binta and Kafi and all attendant luggage. The rearmost seats were
the least comfortable, but still more comfortable than any other eight-passenger
vehicle we've driven. Highway mileage was cl,oser to 24 mpg. City mileage, which
is understandable, was considerably less. Look, this is a long-distance people
hauler--not perfect, but pretty darned good.

_______________________

Re: Smaller Versions of the Land Rover: Warren, isn't a Land Rover LR2 just a
Ford Escape/Mercury Mariner. I remember you writing about how women can't stand
the Escape and love the Mariner. But is there a reason the LR2 might be the only
one of these three suitable for beach driving?

Warren Brown: It's actually something that I've driven on a California beach in
one of those regions where beach driving, up and down the dunes, is legal as
long as you stay the heck out of the way of Monarch Butterflies.

_______________________

Washington, D.C.: Hey Warren, talk to me about the Hyundai Genesis. Can it
really compete with the "big boys?"

Warren Brown: The Hyundai Genesis easily runs against the 5-Series BMW, Lexus GS
350, Mercedes-Benz E-Class, Cadillac CTS. In short, the Genesis is for real.
Only a foolish rival wouldn't take it seriously.

_______________________

Vero Beach, Fl.: For the reader seeking a beach-driving vehicle, I've heard good
things from the owner of a Honda Element, which has the added attraction of
being easily cleaned. I wonder whether the surviving auto makers will have
adequate manufacturing capacity once demand recovers. Maybe it's time to buy
that Xterra or a Scion xD.

Warren Brown: You are right, Vedro Beach, altough some people consider the
Element a tad underpowered. But its is a wonderfully utilitarian piece,
serviceable, excellent traction on dicey surfaces, easy as heck to wash down.

_______________________

Fairfax, Va.: Warren, thanks for doing these chats. What advice do you have on
shopping for new vehicles? In particular, how do I narrow down the choice? Right
now, I'm open to cars, trucks, and SUVs in general with probably 20 total
vehicles of interest. I want something comfortable for driving 1-hr each way to
work, manual transmission, AWD or 4WD, and under $30K (preferably under $25K).
Realiability is probably the next biggest factor. Fun would be good since I've
never driven a fun vehicle regularly. I'd love a sunroof or convertible, but
that's a little lower on my list.

Warren Brown: Hello, Fairfax:

Check your purse. What can you afford? Make a list. Seriously. What do you need
for daily transportation? Reliability, yes. Keep in mind thatgasoline prices
will go up. Good mpg, yes. Fun to drive, ok. But that fun might be trimmed by
emerging vehicle miles traveled laws under which you will be taxed on the number
of miles you drive. That Ford Fusion Hybrid is looking better all the time. You
might also consider, of course, the Toyota Prius.

_______________________

Alexandria, Va.: Warren, researchers from Carnegie Mellon University analyzed
the impact of PHEV (plug-in hybrid electric vehicle) battery-pack size on fuel
consumption, cost and greenhouse gas emissions over a range of distances
traveled between charges. According to the study's findings using average US
electricity, small capacity (all-electric range 20 miles or less) PHEVs are less
expensive operationally and release fewer greenhouse gases than hybrid-electric
(HEV) or conventional vehicles. These results suggest that research on PHEV
battery technology improvements would be better targeted toward cost reduction
than improvement of specific energy. Do you think this will now cause GM to
reconsider its 40 mile all-electric range criteria for the Volt, in favor of a
potentially less expensive/more proven metal hydride battery?

Warren Brown: Thank you, Alexandria:

I doubt it. GM is pretty far along the Volt track. That means it probably will
stick with lithium ion for a while, as will many of its rivals. The industry's
mindset is to hunt for the perfect battery. Nickel metal hydride, although good,
clearly does n ot fit their definition of perfect.

_______________________

Washington, D.C.: What about the Toyota Venza? I've looked at Subaru Outbacks
and foresters for years, and this captures my interest too. What do you think
(apologies if you done this before). Thanks

Warren Brown: No need to apologize, Washington.

I'm looking forward to driving the Venza in a couple of weeks. Off-hand, it
looks like a rival to the neat little Nissan Rogue, a good city-suburban
crossover utility vehicle. We'll see. The Subaru Forester and Outback, for
running in lousy weather and overall utility, are hard to beat.

_______________________

Taxing Gas Instead of Miles: Warren, here's a simple and fair way to get
gasoline to your desired $4/gallon: you pay a penny per gallon, inversely
proportional to the size of your federally-designated market. In other words: in
New York City, the largest market in the country, you pay $2.00 per gallon tax,
since presumably as a sophisticated city dweller, you have access to mass
transit. Chicagoans pay $1.99, Angelenos pay $1.98, and so on. In Ottumwa, Iowa,
you pay a penny tax per gallon, because you're in the 200th largest market. The
twelve markets even smaller than Ottumwa pay a penny as well. In Tyler-Longview,
the 100th largest market, you pay a dollar. This way, the people who want gas to
cost more can put their money where their mouths are, while people who depend on
their trucks to get to work in the coal mines and bean fields can still afford
to live.

Warren Brown: Posted for posterity.

_______________________

Bonifay, Fl.: I'm in complete agreement on a no-frills vehicle. I currently
drive a F250 work truck and an Express work van. Is there any chance for a SUV
or cross-over? I'd love a diesel that would accommodate a 48"L 36"H dog crate.
Hold the sling.

Warren Brown: Hello, Bonifay, Fla.:

If I understand your question, you want a big, no-frills work truck with diesel
power. Right? Check the Chevrolet Silverado, Ford F-Series, and Dodge Ram 1500.
You'd be doing yourself a favor to also pay close attention to the Toyota
Tundra. Diesel might be hard to find. But all of those models have improved
their gasoline mpg.

_______________________

Washington, D.C.: For the question about the Jeep Wrangler on the beach: "You'd
do just as well, if not better, with the Honda CR-V or Toyota Rav-4."

Do those actually offer lockable, low-range 4-wheel drive capabilities for
driving in the sand on the beach? I didn't think so.

Warren Brown: No, they don't. But can they be driven on the beach where that is
allowed, especially on tightly packed sand? Yes, they can...and they have.

_______________________

2009 Chevrolet Cobalt SS: Warren, does it require premium gas?

Warren Brown: It has a turbocharged engine, which means premium gas is
"recommended for best performance," which means you can choose regular if you
are not concerned about "best performance."

_______________________

Hyundai Genesis:Warren, the Hyundai Genesis easily runs against the 5-Series
BMW, Lexus GS 350, Mercedes-Benz E-Class, Cadillac CTS. Let's give it three
years and then we'll see the whole picture. I foresee huge service issues on the
horizon.

Warren Brown: Based on what? Hyundai looks darned good versus its competitors on
warranty repair costs. So, what evidence have you that the Genesis will somehow
fare worse? People had better start taking hyundai seriously. By the way,
Hyundai was up 14.3 percent last month while everybody else was down 37 percent.
Why? The Hyundai Assurance program--smart marketing in a down economy.

_______________________

Kidland: Hi Warren, we're expecting our second child, which means that soon
we'll be dealing with a rear-facing car seat in addition to the current car
seat. Our Subaru Outback gets decent mileage (24/gal), but an adult can't fit in
the front seat with a rear-facing car seat in the back. Our Hyundai SantaFe
doesn't get very good mileage (18/gal), but will fit the four of us (though no
room for Grandma when she comes to visit, unless we take 2 cars on any
particular outing). What are our best options for saving on gas and yet fitting
everyone comfortable?

Warren Brown: Hello, Kidland:

It sounds as if you need something larger, maybe a Mazda CX-9, or even Toyota
Sienna minivan. Yes, minivan. Consider it.

_______________________

Clifton, Va.: For beach driving the CRV and RAV 4, don't cut. They dont have a
low range or real 4wd for the sand. Chances are you will get stuck. Look for a
used Wrangler or take a look at this websites for Land Rover beach buggies:

http://www.copleymotorcars.com/nas_defender_1105_3_1.html and
http://www.eastcoastrover.com/.

You want a Defender 110 or 90 for a beach buggie. Serious money. Land Rover
needs to bring the Defender series back to USA. We will be first in line for a
new 110 with a turbo diesel. And Warren a completely rebuilt and repowered with
a turbo diesel seels for over $120K. They only made less than 600 110's for sale
in the U.S.

Warren Brown: Thanks, Clifton.

_______________________

Charlotte: Any recommendation on where to get easy-to-understand information on
tax changes relating new car purchases in 2009 relating to the stimulus package?
For instance, does it include used cars? What if someone does not itemize taxes,
et cetera? I doubt it is very straight forward. You gotta know the details to
know if it is really a benefit. Thanks.

Warren Brown: Hello, Charlotte:

That's a good reporting assignment for us at The Washington Post. We'll try to
put that information together for you. Stay tuned...and thanks for the
suggestikon. Sakina, Tara, good table for WPNI, no?

_______________________

Reston, Va.: Warren, with the situation that GM is currently in, will they still
be able to get the Camaro out next month as planned? Also will they be able to
move up the production date for the Chevy Cruze (looks like it would be a good
seller).

Warren Brown: It's tough, Reston. But here's hoping that the Cruze remains a
timely go. The Camaro can wait.

_______________________

Boston, Ma.: Hello Warren. I drove my G20 into the ground (I will miss her). My
ideal requirements for a new car are manual transmission (no clutch, no deal),
fun to drive, does well in nasty weather (see: Boston), fits four normal-sized
human beings, and has at least passable fuel economy. I am not really interested
in driving an SUV, truck, or any sort of other four-wheeled tank, I'd prefer a
car. I zeroed in on an Impreza WRX, for AWD and sportiness. Any thoughts?

Warren Brown: Nice targeting, Boston. The Impreza is fun-to-drive and
foul-weather competent. It's also ugly enough to b e p;arekd on a Boston street
without being bothered.

_______________________

Rockville, Md.: Hello. We're planning to start car shopping to replace a
vehicle, and wondered if you had any advice on how the heck to get the best
deals currently. In the past I had used a credit union to get a decent price
quoted, then went to another dealer and haggled to see if I could get them below
that price. Does this change in the face of current rebates/discounts? Are there
discounts to be had on dealer lots above and beyond the brand's current offers?
Any thoughts would be appreciated. Thanks.

Warren Brown: It's a buyer's market, Rockville. Use your credit union. Check
www.automotivenews.com, or www.edmunds.com for available rebates. Nearly
everybody is selling at discount. You should find a bargain somewhere.

_______________________

Seal Beach, Calif.: Hi Warren, I wonder how many vehicles does your family
currently own, and if you would be kind enough to discuss your favorites and
rate them from 1 to 10.

Warren Brown: We have five:

Mini Cooper

Toyota Echo

Chrysler Pacifica

Mercedes-Benz C-Class

Subaru Outback

We drive them all into the ground...happily.

_______________________

Warren Brown: Thank you all for joining us today. Please come back next week.
Thank you Amy, Tara, Sakina.

Eat lunch, Ria.

_______________________

Editor's Note: washingtonpost.com moderators retain editorial control over
Discussions and choose the most relevant questions for guests and hosts; guests
and hosts can decline to answer questions. washingtonpost.com is not responsible
for any content posted by third parties.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2009 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             438 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 26, 2009 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

Obituaries

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 574 words

Robert T. Comfort Sr. Auto Dealership Executive

Robert T. Comfort Sr., 81, a retired auto dealership owner and automobile
general sales manager, died Feb. 6 at Suburban Hospital of complications from
heart bypass surgery in December.

Mr. Comfort retired in 1996 as general sales manager at Hill and Sanders Ford in
Wheaton after nearly 20 years with that dealership.

He spent the majority of his early career at Monroe Ford in Silver Spring, where
he worked his way up from auto parts manager to part-owner of the business.

At several points, he was among the top Ford salesmen in the country, his family
said.

Robert Thomas Comfort was born in St. Louis and raised in the Washington area.
He was a 1944 graduate of Coolidge High School and an Army veteran of World War
II.

His memberships included Forcey Memorial nondenominational church in Silver
Spring, the American Legion and the Kiwanis Club.

Survivors include his wife of 64 years, Edith Sheffield Comfort of Silver
Spring; two children, Robert Comfort Jr. of Olney and Linda Mullings of Silver
Spring; a sister, Louise Andrews of Wheaton; and four grandchildren.

-- Adam Bernstein

 Charles B. Finley III Personnel Manager

Charles Beatty Finley III, 95, an East Coast regional manager of recruitment and
employment for IBM until his retirement in 1971, died Feb. 12 of pneumonia at
Ginger Cove retirement community in Annapolis.

He was born in Elkton, Md., and raised in Haverford, Pa. He received a
bachelor's degree in economics from the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton
School in 1936. He then joined IBM as a sales trainee and lived in New York and
New Jersey before moving to Annapolis in 1991.

From 1943 to 1946, he was a lieutenant in the Navy Reserve.

Survivors include his wife of 69 years, Eleanor Reading Finley of Annapolis;
three daughters, Martha F. Johnson of Bethesda, Ann F. Aldrich of Newbury,
Mass., and Elizabeth B. Finley of Takoma Park; four grandchildren; and six
great-grandchildren.

-- Lauren Wiseman

 Evelyn Gould Registered Nurse

Evelyn Gould, 88, a registered nurse who worked at the old Alexandria Hospital
and Dewitt Army Community Hospital at Fort Belvoir, did of multiple organ
failure Feb. 11 at Inova Alexandria Hospital. She had lived in Alexandria for 55
years.

Mrs. Gould was a nursing supervisor at Alexandria Hospital in the late 1950s and
early 1960s before switching to Dewitt, where she worked for the next 20 years
until she retired in 1986.

She was born Evelyn Virginia Hett in Marion, Kan., and graduated from the Wesley
School of Nursing in Wichita.

She moved to the Washington area during World War II as a member of the Navy
Nurse Corps, assigned to the Navy hospital in Bainbridge, Md. She met a
sixth-generation Washingtonian, Robert R. Gould, when he reported to sick bay as
a new recruit in 1943, and they married in 1944.

After raising her family and working at the hospitals, she had a second career
as an office manager for ProLine Embroidery, an automated embroidery shop in
Springfield, and worked there until 2000.

She also volunteered at Emmanuel Episcopal Church in Alexandria and helped turn
the church's sewing group into a significant contributor to the church's
coffers.

Her husband, a former D.C. police officer, died in December. A son, Thomas L.
Gould, died in 1954.

Survivors include two sons, Robert Gould Jr. of Sterling and Joseph Gould of
Alexandria; two sisters; four grandchildren; and a great-grandson.

-- Patricia Sullivan

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             439 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          February 25, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

BYLINE: David S. Hilzenrath; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 784 words


As General Motors and Chrysler seek another infusion of government funds, Ford
is standing apart for now -- and may be benefiting.

Ford's staggering 40 percent plunge in U.S. light-vehicle sales last month was
actually a victory of sorts. GM's sales declined by an even steeper 49 percent,
and Chrysler's fell 55 percent from January 2008, according to Ward's Automotive
Group, which tracks the industry.

Part of the explanation may be that car buyers believe Ford is more likely to
survive the recession, industry analysts said.

Unlike its domestic rivals, Ford didn't seek a federal bailout late last year,
and it didn't turn to the government again last week begging for a second big
infusion of taxpayer funds to avoid bankruptcy.

"One of the factors is that Ford's not asking for money in Washington, so
consumers may be less concerned about Ford," said John A. Casesa, automotive
analyst and managing partner of the consulting firm Casesa Shapiro Group.

"They see Ford as being in a different position," said Ford sales analysis
manager George Pipas.

If that interpretation is correct, it illustrates the risks for GM, Chrysler --
and even Ford, which may ultimately face a similar predicament, some analysts
say.

The mere specter of bankruptcy can cast a shadow over the showroom, contributing
to an automaker's decline. Consumers may think twice about buying a particular
make of car if the manufacturer's future is in doubt. Questions naturally arise:
Who will stand behind the warranty? Will my neighborhood dealer still be around
to service the car? Will I be able to get replacement parts? And what will
happen to the car's resale value?

Auto executives have invoked such concerns to argue that the government should
use taxpayer money to keep GM and Chrysler out of bankruptcy. But all the talk
about how desperately GM and Chrysler need the loans can be a bit of a
self-fulfilling prophecy.

Chrysler spokesman Rick Deneau said that, anecdotally, Chrysler dealers estimate
that concern about "that B-word" has reduced their sales by 20 to 25 percent.
"Clearly that has an impact," Deneau said.

Analysts say it's hard to know exactly why GM and Chrysler sales have fallen
more sharply than Ford's, and there may be other explanations. For example, at a
time when car loans and leases like all manner of credit have become harder to
obtain, Ford has been able to provide more financing, said John Sousanis of
WardsAuto.com.

Though Ford has predicted that it can survive this year on its own, it has also
said it would like a $9 billion line of credit from the government to fall back
on, if necessary.

In the meantime, Ford, which has already made extensive cost cuts, is trying to
cut even more. The company will extend to its 42,000 hourly workers another
round of early retirement offers, the Associated Press reported last night.
United Auto Workers union leaders yesterday recommended that members ratify an
agreement with Ford announced Monday that reshapes retiree benefits.

The industry's grim outlook adds urgency to those moves. According to Ward's,
the January sales declines at GM, Ford and Chrysler were the steepest since at
least January 1981, the earliest month Ward's can compare.

Paradoxically, Ford's fortunes are tied to those of its weaker rivals. Ford
shares much of its supply chain with GM and Chrysler, and it says it could be
dragged down, too, if they collapse.

Ford doesn't need an immediate cash bailout largely because it mortgaged itself
to the hilt in 2006, before the credit crunch. The borrowing was intended to
help it ride out a wave of red ink, cover restructuring costs and "protect
against a recession or other unanticipated events," Ford said at the time.

One result of Ford's well-timed borrowing is that it lacks the ability to take
on much additional debt. Essentially all of its assets are already pledged as
collateral. In addition, if Ford sought to borrow from the government, it would
have trouble putting U.S. taxpayers first in line for repayment, because it has
already made such promises to other creditors.

Sean McAlinden, chief economist at the Center for Automotive Research, which is
funded in part by the auto industry, predicted that Ford will "run out of money
by the end of the year." In this economy, McAlinden said, "Nobody's safe."

Analyst Tracy Handler of IHS Global Insight predicted that Ford will need
government aid by the middle of this year. "I don't see how they can manage
without assistance," she said.

But Ford has good reason to put off that day as long as it can.

"Ford is trying to be the company that doesn't need money, so that when, if,
there are any consumers out there that decide to shop for a car . . . they'll
look to Ford first."

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             440 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 24, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

UAW, Ford Cut Deal On Health Benefits

BYLINE: Peter Whoriskey and Brady Dennis; Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 986 words


The United Auto Workers and Ford have reached a new agreement on how to fund
health benefits for retirees, possibly creating a model settlement for the other
two major U.S. automakers as they battle to fend off bankruptcy.

The deal, announced yesterday, would allow Ford to pay as much as half of its
$13.2 billion obligation to retirees with stock rather than cash, a bargain that
essentially relieves the company of the cash requirement but makes health care a
far riskier proposition for retirees. The agreement must still be ratified by
union members and win court approval.

"The modifications will protect jobs for UAW members by ensuring the long-term
viability of the company," UAW President Ronald A. Gettelfinger said in a
statement.

The agreement was reached as the Obama administration's auto industry task force
begins to grapple with the question of whether GM and Chrysler should be granted
billions more in government loans. The group plans to meet with GM chief
executive G. Richard Wagoner Jr. and  Chief  Operating  Officer Frederick A.
Henderson on Thursday.

Yesterday, the administration named private equity executive Steven Rattner, 56,
to lead the panel. Once considered a leading candidate to be the government's
so-called "car czar," Rattner told colleagues he will serve as an adviser to
Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner on a variety of economic and financial
matters.

Rattner is a co-founder of the private equity firm Quadrangle Group, and brings
business acumen to the auto industry task force. The group includes the
secretaries of transportation, commerce, labor and energy, along with top
officials from the president's Council of Economic Advisers, the Office of
Management and Budget and the Environmental Protection Agency.

Among the designees is Lisa Heinzerling, a Georgetown University law professor
and senior EPA adviser who was the lead author of a brief in Massachusetts v.
EPA  in 2007, in which the Supreme Court ruled that the EPA has the authority to
regulate carbon-dioxide emissions.

Other designees include Diana Farrell, formerly of McKinsey & Co., now  deputy
director of the National Economic Council; economist and Geithner counselor Gene
Sperling; Jared Bernstein, chief economist to Vice President Biden; Edward
Montgomery, senior adviser at the Department of Labor; Austan Goolsbee, staff
director and chief economist of the Economic  Recovery Advisory Board; Dan
Utech, senior adviser to the secretary of energy; Heather Zichal, deputy
director of the White House Office of Energy and Climate Change; Joan DeBoer,
chief of staff for the Department of Transportation; and Rick Wade, senior
adviser at the Department of Commerce.

In an e-mail to friends and colleagues Monday, Rattner wrote: "I wanted to let
you know directly that after 26 fulfilling years on Wall Street. . . . I have
begun a new phase of my life, in the public sector . . . We are obviously at a
critical moment in our nation's history, particularly with regard to our
economy, and I am honored to have this opportunity to serve my country in a
meaningful way."

Members of the presidential auto task force are exploring an array of funding
options for the auto industry besides additional government loans. One possible
approach that has been discussed would be to secure private funding with a
promise  from the government to guarantee the loans. Such financing could take
the form of  debtor-in-possession loans to provide companies short-term
operating funds while they work their way through bankruptcy.

Officials said the ultimate approach remains unresolved.

"It should not be taken as a signal that government is resigned to bankruptcy --
that's not the case." said an administration official, who spoke on the
condition of anonymity because the discussions are not public.

One of the key issues for the automakers and the Obama administration is how to
reduce the cost of negotiated wages and other benefits, which tend to be higher
than those paid to American workers at plants owned by foreign carmakers. Last
week, GM, Chrysler and Ford announced they had reached an agreement with the UAW
on certain wage concessions. Yesterday, the union said it had reached an
agreement with Ford on payments to a retiree health-care trust fund.

The massive size of the trust fund is considered one of the major competitive
disadvantages of the U.S. industry.

GM has estimated that it owes $20 billion to the health trust; Chrysler $10
billion; and Ford $13.2 billion.

Federal officials urged GM and Chrysler to modify those obligations so they can
pay as much as 50 percent in stock rather than cash as part of a deal giving
them $17.4 billion in government loans. The demand is effectively what Ford and
the UAW  agreed to do in the deal announced yesterday.

"This establishes a model for GM and Chrysler," said Gary N. Chaison, professor
of industrial relations at Clark University in Worcester, Mass.

While details of the agreement have not emerged, the proposal  that half the
retiree health funding could come in stock represents a significant concession
from the union. The alternative, however, could have been worse, because if the
companies go into bankruptcy, the retirees risk getting even less.

"It appears the union is taking a big hit," Chaison said. "The real dilemma for
the UAW is you can't get payment from a company that doesn't have any money.
They were between a rock and a hard place, and they chose the hard place."

Ford remained noncommittal about when and if it will use stock to meet its
obligations to the retiree health fund.

"We will consider each payment when it is due and use our discretion in
determining whether cash or stock makes sense at the time, balancing our
liquidity needs and preserving shareholder value," Joe Hinrichs, group vice
president for global manufacturing and labor affairs at Ford, said in a
statement.

Staff writer Kendra Marr contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Steven Rattner will lead Obama's new auto industry task force.
IMAGE; By Carlos Osorio -- Associated Press; UAW President Ronald A.
Gettelfinger, left, and Ford Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr., shown in 2007
during contract talks. The union yesterday reached an agreement with the
automaker on how to fund health benefits for retirees, perhaps creating a model
for the other U.S. auto giants.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             441 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 22, 2009 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

GM, Ford Can Survive, but Chrysler's History Spells Trouble

BYLINE: Warren Brown

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 1048 words


Calm down.

There will be a Ford in the future of consumers who care about the continued
existence of that American car company; and those who choose to do so will still
be able to see the U.S.A. in a Chevrolet.

Chrysler is another story.

It has spent the past 22 years being fattened, stripped and reshaped again, more
in preparation for sale to the highest bidder than for its survival as an
American manufacturing icon.

Chrysler survived de facto bankruptcy in the early 1980s with the help of
federally guaranteed loans. It grew big enough to consume American Motors Corp.
for $2 billion in 1987. It entered a joint manufacturing venture with France's
Renault in the early 1990s; and it became successful enough during America's
truck-crazy days  for Germany's Daimler-Benz to buy it for $40 billion in 1998.

The German company, lured by what it thought would be truck profits and easy
access to mainstream American buyers, as opposed to that smaller segment
affluent enough to buy Mercedes-Benz products, made a money-losing mistake. But
it and Chrysler initially misrepresented the deal as a "merger of equals."

It was a phony equality represented in name only, Daimler-Chrysler AG -- a
moniker that was trashed in 2007 when the merged companies split.

Daimler became Daimler AG. And Chrysler became Chrysler LLC, the ward of
Cerberus Capital Management, a Wall Street investment firm that knew less about
the automobile business than several failed Wall Street companies -- Lehman
Brothers and Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities are examples -- apparently
knew about investing.

Given that history, this column picks Chrysler as the most likely domestic car
company to succumb to the current economic crisis. But the word "succumb" should
be taken advisedly. Chrysler, or some remnant thereof, will remain as a part of
someone else's car business. The only question is whether the American taxpayers
who are now loaning Chrysler billions of dollars -- to grow strong enough to
merge with someone else -- will get a fair return on the deal.

Again, keep in mind that growing fat enough to merge with someone else has been
Chrysler's end game for more than two decades.

General Motors and Ford Motor, on the other hand, have spent the past 20 years
restructuring in pursuit of continued independence -- a restructuring that has
been accelerated and made more urgently brutal by the current economic crisis.

GM and Ford often have been clumsy and inconsistent in their efforts to remake
themselves. They frequently have taken baby steps where giant steps were needed.
But their goal over the past two decades has been clear -- to return to
prominence as independently owned, U.S.-based manufacturers of globally
competitive vehicles.

That seems laughable given GM's current ill depictions in the media and its
rough treatment by critics on Capitol Hill. The tendency is to portray GM as a
chronically failed company now in pursuit of billions of dollars in federal aid.
The truth is much more complicated than that, and it's much fairer to GM when
examined in historical detail.

Stated briefly, the GM that gave us the miserable Chevrolet Vega in the 1970s is
not the GM that has given us the excellent Chevrolet Malibu today. The GM that
ran its European, South American and Asian operations as separate fiefdoms --
each with its own product development, design and supply procurement operations
-- is not the GM that runs an increasingly efficient global company today.

The GM that launched the Saturn Division in 1985 to prove that GM people could
design and develop world-class cars and sell them in a way respectful of
consumer intelligence is not the GM that needs a separate Saturn operation
today. Nor is it the GM that needs Swedish automobile manufacturer Saab to
burnish its reputation as a manufacturer of quality luxury automobiles. GM's
Cadillac Division now makes luxury cars capable of competing with the world's
best.

The truth is that GM has been correcting many of the errors -- redundant product
development processes, poor quality, lousy marketing, poor dealership relations
-- that brought it to a low in public esteem.

GM's problems today have little to do with corporate management. They have
practically nothing to do with product quality, selection or availability. They
have everything to do with a consumer market collapsed by the absence of a
commercially and environmentally feasible national energy policy in the United
States and, most recently, a failed financial system that has put consumer
credit on ice.

Those same failures are hurting all car companies doing business in this
country.

It is the sweetest irony, for example, that Ford is being hailed in the media
and on Capitol Hill as being the darling of domestic automobile manufacturers,
the company that apparently is doing everything right, mostly because it has not
formally applied for federal bailout loans. Only five years ago, Ford was being
portrayed in the media as the domestic car company most likely to fail.

Ford has not yet asked for any federal money because of the steps it took under
extreme duress to avert that failure. It started cutting costs and getting rid
of underperforming brands several years before the consumer credit markets
crashed. And it borrowed billions from private markets to invest in new
products, mortgaging itself to the hilt.

But Ford, too, will be forced to ask for federal loans if consumer credit
remains frozen and unemployment continues to soar.

Still, here's betting that Ford also will survive the crash and will be in
position to repay whatever it borrows when the current economic downturn turns
upward enough to bring consumers back to new-car showrooms. Like GM, Ford has
made major strides in streamlining its global operations and strengthening its
product portfolio. Its management, like that at GM, has always been centered on
maintaining an independent, U.S.-based company.

The bottom line is this: All car companies, including the mighty Toyota, which
is losing billions of dollars in the current economic environment, are suffering
from the unemployment and frozen consumer credit that have combined to crush
sales. If the Obama administration is going to fix Detroit or any other aspect
of the automobile industry, it is going to have to fix that first.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Rick Bowmer -- Associated Press; Chrysler and Dodge cars in
Portland, Ore. Troubled Chrysler survived de facto bankruptcy in the early 1980s
with the help of federally guaranteed loans.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             442 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 20, 2009 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

CORRECTIONS

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 222 words


Â· The Community Events calendar of the Feb. 19 Alexandria-Arlington Extra gave
the wrong time for the Stratford School Integration Discussion on Feb. 23. The
discussion will start at 6:30 p.m. at H-B Woodlawn auditorium, 4100 Vacation
Lane, Arlington.

Â· A Feb. 19 Style article misstated the amount that Mexican billionaire Carlos
Slim Helu recently lent the New York Times Co. It is $250 million, not $250
billion. In addition, Arthur Sulzberger Jr. is the company's chairman, not chief
executive.

Â· A Feb. 19 Style article incorrectly stated that Conan O'Brien will become the
fourth host of "The Tonight Show" on June 1. O'Brien will be the fifth host.

Â· A Feb. 15 Outlook article incorrectly described the wage that Henry Ford
offered in the early 20th century. The Ford Motor Co.  paid its workers $5 a
day.

Â· A Feb. 7 Style article incorrectly referred to "Time Warner's Nickelodeon."
Nickelodeon is owned by Viacom.

The Washington Post is committed to correcting errors that appear in the
newspaper. Those interested in contacting the paper for that purpose can send an
e-mail to corrections@washpost.com or call the main number, 202-334-6000, and
ask to be connected to the desk involved -- National, Foreign, Metro, Style,
Sports, Business or any of the weekly sections. In addition, the ombudsman's
number is 202-334-7582.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             443 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          February 18, 2009 Wednesday
                                Regional Edition

My Father's Chevrolets

BYLINE: Jeanne McManus

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 808 words


If ever there was a good idea gone bad, an American icon destroyed, a trust
betrayed, it has to be Chevrolet. It took only one 1951 Ford to make my father a
Chevy man for life. One summer day in 1952 Dad went off to Chevy Chase
Chevrolet, unannounced, and traded in the Ford for a Chevrolet "tin woodie"
station wagon, dark brown with a tailgate that flapped down, a rear window that
sprang up and a third seat in the back that folded flat, though the car was so
often filled with kids that it was rarely in that position. That day, my mother
cried in front of her four children for the first time any of us could remember.

Mom thought the car was an extravagance, and it probably was, with a fresh
mortgage on a three-bedroom, one-bath house in Northwest. Though Dad was in many
ways infinitely practical, not in need of luxury, he had his weaknesses, and a
new Chevy was at the top of the list.

How could the company that once forged Dad's dreams from metal become the same
General Motors that is now begging for billions in government assistance?

That first Chevy station wagon, most often with Mom behind the wheel, hauled us
off to daily obligations -- school, church, Boy Scouts, Brownies -- but never
was it more valuable than on our annual trek to Bethany Beach. Into the back of
that car Dad managed to stuff the sheets, towels, bathing suits, coolers, beach
umbrella and summer clothes that Mom had packed for our two- or sometimes
four-week stay. It was a badge of pride to Dad that he not resort to tying
suitcases to the roof. To his pleasure, the Chevy could absorb the load.

That brown station wagon disappeared as suddenly as it arrived. This time, Mom,
sensing a pattern, did not cry when Dad drove up in the 1957 Chevrolet station
wagon, a kind of creamy yellow with white tail fins. None of us liked the color.
But this was back when families were benign dictatorships, not democracies, and
so we kept our mouths shut.

By then my older sister and I were in the Girl Scouts, and every Saturday we
took ice skating lessons at Uline Arena in Northeast Washington. Mom volunteered
too often to be one of the carpool drivers hauling half of a troop down North
Capitol Street, and another mother, in another station wagon, took the other
half. One Saturday morning when the inevitable happened -- a girl fell and split
her lip -- the other mother took the injured girl to the hospital and Mom took
home the entire troop in the '57 wagon -- 17 of us, all in circular skirts, with
skates, coats, hats and mittens.

Looking back now, I see that the next Chevy was clearly Dad's midlife-crisis
car, though I don't think the term had been invented yet. By 1961, he had three
teenagers, and that's enough to make any man trade in the station wagon for a
1961 Impala convertible -- white with a red interior and a red stripe on the
more modified fin. Again, the color: Dad? White?

Still, though I was not yet old enough to drive, I couldn't wait to get my hands
on that car. Neither could my girlfriends. While Mom and Dad were at a Redskins
game one brilliant autumn afternoon, my gang of friends and I, headed by Peggy,
the only one of us who had a license, took the Impala for a joy ride, all the
while listening to the game to make sure we got the car back in time. (Sorry,
Mom!)

Second cars soon joined the family car. We had not one but two Corvairs (one of
the darlings of Ralph Nader's "Unsafe at Any Speed") and a Malibu. One year, Dad
went off radar and bought a little Renault, but it always sounded like a
whirring fan, the turn signals were the opposite of the Chevy ("left is up and
right is down," we sang to remind Mom), and it rusted out pretty quickly.

When in 1972 I finally had enough money to buy my own car, I knew it was going
to be a VW bug. Dad insisted that we test-drive one. Of course, according to
him, everything about it was wrong. To be honest, my dad, a veteran of World War
II, found it hard to see his daughter in a German car.

Inexorably, we wound up at Chevy Chase Chevrolet with me driving off the lot in
a 1972 Chevrolet Vega.

That thing overheated on a lonely mountain road in Vermont at 5 in the morning.
It overheated on the Chesapeake Bay Bridge on a Sunday afternoon in July. At one
point, the only way I could ensure that it would start in the morning was to set
my alarm for 3 a.m., go outside in my pajamas, turn it over, warm it up, turn it
off, then go back to bed. When in 1979 I bought a Honda Civic, the dealer
wouldn't even take the Vega in a trade.

A year later my husband and I drove it into a gas station in Rappahannock
County, parked it over to the side where cars awaited servicing, took off the
license plates and quietly drove off in the Civic. We saw it there for a while
afterward; eventually it disappeared.

Jeanne McManus, a former Post editor, is an occasional contributor to the op-ed
page.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Wieck Media Services Inc.; A 1957 Chevrolet Nomad station wagon.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             444 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          February 18, 2009 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Healthy Competition for the Top FDA Post

BYLINE: In The Loop Al Kamen

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 937 words


The Obama administration, though a tad slow on nominations this month, is moving
with some dispatch to fill the post of Food and Drug Administration chief. After
all, the FDA has a huge part of the action when it comes to ensuring that the
food we eat and the drugs we take are safe. And we've just tallied nine deaths
and hundreds more sickened from bad peanut butter.

Word is that President Obama's team has winnowed a fairly large field down to
two finalists. One is Joshua Sharfstein, former health policy adviser to Rep.
Henry A. Waxman (D-Calif.) and current Baltimore health commissioner, who's
focused on things like safe medicines for kids. The other is Margaret Hamburg,
who served as assistant secretary of health and human services for policy and
evaluation in the Clinton administration and before that was New York City
health commissioner.

Each candidate has some heavy-hitting champions. Sharfstein's list includes
Waxman and Sen. Barbara A. Mikulski (D-Md.), while Hamburg's includes Sen.
Edward M. Kennedy (D-Mass.).

Ford and the Volvo Guy?

As Obama hunts for his third nominee for commerce secretary, there's some
chatter that he may turn to Harold Ford Jr., the former congressman from
Tennessee. Ford, 38, who gave up his seat in 2006 to run unsuccessfully for the
Senate, has been a cable news analyst and chairman of the moderate Democratic
Leadership Council.

Ford, who comes from a prominent political family in Memphis, was a special
assistant at the Commerce Department during the Clinton administration. Elected
to his father's 9th District seat in 1996, he served five terms in the House.

At Commerce, meanwhile, folks are abuzz that former Virginia lieutenant governor
Donald S. Beyer Jr., the car dealer, could join the administration as a deputy
secretary or undersecretary of commerce. Beyer, 58, was an early backer of
Obama's campaign, stumped for him in the critical swing state of Virginia and
raised megabucks as well.

The Ex-AG's New Gig

Although it's not always easy for former attorneys general to find a job in this
market, Bush Justice Department chief Michael B. Mukasey said yesterday that
he's joining the New York-based law firm Debevoise & Plimpton as a partner,
starting later this month.

Mukasey, a retired New York federal judge, will handle corporate investigations
for the firm, joining government and international heavyweights such as former
Manhattan U.S. attorney Mary Jo White and onetime British attorney general Lord
Goldsmith.

Mukasey left his post as the nation's chief law enforcement officer last month
after spending more than a year in Washington. Bipartisan groups of lawmakers
praised him for limiting contacts between prosecutors and the White House and
for helping to improve morale at a demoralized department.

Mukasey was heartily endorsed by some Democrats, led by Sen. Charles E. Schumer
(D-N.Y.), but they were somewhat disappointed early on -- at his confirmation
hearing, actually -- when he declined to call waterboarding torture.

Confirmed!

The Obama team has developed some interesting methods for announcing
nominations. There was Obama senior adviser, David Axelrod, trying to duck a
question by Chris Wallace on "Fox News Sunday" about the Federal Communications
Commission's fairness doctrine with this response.

"I'm going to leave that to Julius Genachowski, our new head of the FCC, to --
and the president to discuss," Axelrod said. "So I don't have an answer for you
now."

We've been putting Genachowski in the paper from time to time as the new FCC
chairman, but he hasn't officially been nominated. Guess now he has.

Another Byline Goes Bye-Bye

Add one more to the list of journos defecting to the pols. Scott Shepard, a
veteran national political correspondent for Cox Newspapers, will work for Sen.
John F. Kerry (D-Mass.) as a speechwriter. During the course of his 32-year
journalism career, he covered Kerry in Congress and covered his 2004
presidential campaign.

Shepard is the latest scribe to take a job in the Obama administration or
Democratic politics, and he is the second to join Kerry's team. Doug Frantz, a
former managing editor of the Los Angeles Times, recently signed on as chief
investigator for the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, which is chaired by
Kerry.

With Philip Rucker

Notice how empty the town seems of late? How rush-hour traffic seems much
reduced? It's not just because Congress is in recess. It's because lawmakers are
off finding facts everywhere, but mostly in Europe.

We've gotten the list of those accompanying House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on her
trip to Italy and maybe other places. The all-Democrats group, along with
several spouses, includes Reps. Michael E. Capuano (Mass.), Rosa DeLauro
(Conn.), Anna G. Eshoo (Calif.), John B. Larson (Conn.), Edward J. Markey
(Mass.), George Miller (Calif.) and Bill Pascrell Jr. (N.J.).

The weather's not great, but they're seeing the whole country, from Aviano, at
the base of the Alps, to Naples (don't forget reservations at Don Alfonso, that
spectacular restaurant just above Sorrento) to Rome to see the pope.

Sen. Benjamin L. Cardin (D-Md.), chairman of the Commission on Security and
Cooperation in Europe, is leading a congressional delegation on a Feb. 13-21
trip to Israel, Syria and Austria. The agenda includes chatting with Israeli and
Palestinian leaders in Jerusalem and with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in
Damascus, as well as an international meeting in Vienna. Joining Cardin are
Sens. Tom Udall (D-N.M.), Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.) and Roger Wicker (R-Miss.)
and Reps. Alcee L. Hastings  (D-Fla.), Mike McIntyre (D-N.C.) and Gwen Moore
(D-Wis.).

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE; By Alessia Pierdomenico -- Reuters; House Speaker Nancy Pelosi joins
Italy's Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to review an honor guard in Rome.
Pelosi is leading a group of House Democrats making sure all is well in Italy,
and perhaps other destinations.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             445 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 12, 2009 Thursday
                                 Met 2 Edition

STORY LINES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E06

LENGTH: 420 words


HENDRICK DYNASTY: Jimmie Johnson has won the past three NASCAR Sprint Cup
championships for Hendrick Motorsports. But Johnson is hardly the only driver in
the four-car stable with the potential to make it a four-peat for team owner
Rick Hendrick. Four-time champion Jeff Gordon is due for a change of fortune
after failing to win a race last season. Dale Earnhardt Jr. is eager to prove
that his talent is commensurate with his popularity in his second season at
Hendrick after winning just one race last year. And Mark Martin is the
sentimental favorite, lured back to full-time racing at the cusp of 50 by a race
to contend for the title that has eluded him for nearly three decades.

FORD'S BEST HOPE: Carl Edwards had the season that most drivers only dream about
in 2008, getting the chance to perform his celebratory back flip from his
racecar nine times before heading to Victory Lane. Edwards was the pride of
Roush-Fenway Racing and Ford Motor Co. alike, the only driver who gave Johnson a
serious run for the title down the stretch. But despite nine wins, he came up
short. Pundits think this could be Edwards's year. Says Edwards: "I want to win
that championship. I want to know what it feels like. I'd take a championship
with no wins rather than another nine-win season because I really want to
accomplish that goal."

STEWART'S BIG GAMBLE: Plenty of drivers have tried owning their own race team
and failed, underestimating the demands of running a business six days a week
and competing on the seventh. Tony Stewart couldn't resist when given the
opportunity, so he cut ties with team owner Joe Gibbs to become his own boss at
Stewart-Haas Racing. Stewart had an impressive debut in last weekend's Bud
Shootout, finishing third (his Chevy engines are supplied by Hendrick
Motorsports). But it's a tough economy for launching a two-car team (defending
Daytona 500 winner Ryan Newman drives the other).

HOLLYWOOD VS. SLICED BREAD: Only two drivers are contending for rookie of the
year honors this season -- former Formula One driver Scott Speed, whose nickname
is "Hollywood," and stock-car phenom Joey Logano, dubbed "Sliced Bread" for all
the hype that surrounded his emergence as NASCAR's next "greatest thing."

Speed, 26, a California native, has the more glamorous rÃ©sumÃ© though he never
earned a podium finish in two seasons in Formula One. But Logano, 18, steps into
the better situation, inheriting the No. 20 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota, as well as
the crew chief that helped Stewart to two NASCAR titles.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             446 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      February 6, 2009 Friday 9:18 PM EST

"Green Is in the Eye of the Beholder"

BYLINE: Sakina Rangwala, washingtonpost.com, washingtonpost.com

LENGTH: 585 words



HIGHLIGHT: Central to the 2009 Washington Auto Show is the Green Car Pavilion,
which focuses on emerging green technologies in the auto industry and features
more than 30 models on display. Cars with solar panels, "plugged-in" cars, and
starter companies displaying small innovations take center stage. We caught up
with Ron Cogan, of Green Car Journal and GreenCar.com, for a quick Q&A on what
consumers should know:


Central to the 2009 Washington Auto Show is the Green Car Pavilion, which
focuses on emerging green technologies in the auto industry and features more
than 30 models on display. Cars with solar panels, "plugged-in" cars, and
starter companies displaying small innovations take center stage. We caught up
with Ron Cogan, of Green Car Journal and GreenCar.com, for a quick Q&A on what
consumers should know:

Q. What exactly is green car technology?

A. "Green Is in the Eye of the Beholder." In recent times "green" has been
translated more to mean higher fuel efficiency -- which literally means using
less gas, which in turn creates fewer greenhouse gas emissions when you have
higher fuel economy.

"Green" to some people means hybrids but that's not the case. The hybrid
achieves the goal by virtue of the technology, but you can also get 35 miles per
gallon in a Ford Focus which is a normal gasoline car and costs about $15,000.

Q. What kinds of green fuels are available on the market? And which cars use
them?

A. It is hard to say what green fuel is here to stay, but here is what you can
consider:

Propane

Propane had fallen off the map for cars and was used mainly by fleet. But
because of high gasoline and diesel prices, propane is now starting to show up
as a fuel of interest. There are some companies like Ford and Roush that are
starting a Ford F150 propane pick-up and a heavier duty pick-up called the Ford
F250.

Diesel

Diesel was always popular because it gives 30 percent better fuel economy as
compared to gasoline. But unfortunately diesel wasn't necessarily clean. But it
suddenly has become an accepted clean fuel because the federal government
mandated an ultra low sulfur diesel fuel across the country. Automakers have now
reengineered their diesel systems to make use of that fuel and we are seeing the
first of the clean diesel models being introduced now. The 2009 Volkswagen Jetta
TDI is one example.

Natural Gas

There is only one manufacturer who makes natural gas vehicles and that is Honda,
with its Honda Civic GX. Those are sold in most states now but are sold in
limited numbers. Not everybody can find one if they want one, because they tend
to sell- out.

Ethanol

There are about 6 million vehicles that can run on either gasoline or E85
Ethanol fuel. These are made by manufacturers specifically to be flexible fuel.
You can't run E85 ethanol in a normal vehicle, it would create problems. For
example the Ford Taurus, the Chevy Malibu and the Dodge Caravan E85 is a mixture
of 85 percent ethanol and 15 percent gasoline -- the reason being alcohol fuels
burn with an invisible flame and there is also a chance of cold start inertia in
extreme cold climate, so they add gasoline to overcome those issues.

Hydrogen

There are no consumer vehicles made today that run on hydrogen. They are limited
production vehicles that are undergoing testing and are in demonstration
programs. The Chevrolet Equinox Fuel Cell is one that is part of General Motor's
Project Driveway. Those are being tested by consumers and Honda has its FCX
Clarity that's being leased to a very limited number of consumers right now.

Biodiesel

Biodiesel can be used in any diesel vehicle but automakers will extend their
warranty protection only to vehicles that run on B5 biodiesel. B5 is a mixture
of 5 percent biodiesel and 95 percent conventional diesel.

For More Information:

Fuel Economy.gov

Department of Energy

GreenCar.com

The National Biodiesel Board

The Alternative Fuels and advanced Vehicles Data Center

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2009 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             447 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 2, 2009 Monday
                                 Every Edition

SECTION: FINANCIAL

LENGTH: 486 words


Market-ready cars and trucks will abound at the 2009 Washington Auto Show. They
will include the 2009 Hyundai Accent and 2009 Hyundai Genesis, which say much
about how the automobile industry is pursuing an elusive American consumer, a
buyer highly reactive to gasoline pump prices. The Accent is a content-loaded
compact car, engineered to get 35 miles per gallon on the highway, with a
base-price in round numbers from $10,000 to $16,000, depending on model chosen.

The Genesis is another story. It is aimed at that affluent segment of the market
that still has access to credit and a penchant for the kind of luxury and
performance usually offered by BMW and Jaguar. The Genesis starts at $32,250.

Nissan, which bowed out of last month's North American International Auto Show
in Detroit, will be on exhibit in Washington. Nissan will be here with its
Nissan 370Z coupe, the first full redesign of that iconic car since its
re-introduction to the U.S. market in 2003.

Nearly all major car companies using the Washington stage will display some kind
of advanced-propulsion technology. That is especially true for the domestics,
who are keen on convincing Capitol Hill that Detroit is no laggard in the arena
of fuel-efficient technologies.

General Motors, for example, will present another example of its electric-car
"Voltec" technology, this one in the skin of the concept Cadillac
Converjfour-passenger sedan. GM also will bring along a variety of gas-electric
hybrid vehicles and a subcompact car, the 2009 Chevrolet Aveo 5, designed to
demonstrate the company's commitment to the development of solid, affordable,
fuel-efficient cars with traditional gasoline engines.

Both Ford Motor Co. and Chrysler will display a bevy of advanced-propulsion and
fuel-efficient vehicles -- Ford with its concept Ford Explorer America mid-size
sport utility vehicle, which is up to 30 percent more efficient than standard
mid-size SUV models; and the gas-electric hybrid Ford Fusion midsize sedan,
which Ford is billing as the most fuel-efficient mid-size family sedan available
in the United States at about 45 miles per gallon.

Chrysler, determined to make the case that it remains sustainable and viable,
will be here with displays of several of its advanced engineering products,
including the concept Chrysler 200C EV sedan. It is a mid-size, entry-level
luxury sedan capable of running 40 miles on battery power only -- zero fossil
fuel consumption.

Volkswagen and Honda, among other foreign automobile manufacturers, will use the
Washington stage to display their thinking about the future of the automobile,
too. Look, for example, for VW's concept BlueSport employing advanced, clean
diesel technology. Check out Honda's latest rendition of its gas-electric hybrid
Insight.

Glitz, glamour . . . and wonks -- it's an automobile show, Washington style.

-- Warren Brown

Warren Brown is The Washington Post's automotive columnist.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             448 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 2, 2009 Monday
                                 Every Edition

Carmakers Drive Their Best Case To the Nation's Seat of Power

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 894 words


This isn't your Motown auto show.

In Detroit last month, Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) was the lone federal legislator
to grace the show, setting off a stir when he appeared on the floor. This month
in Washington, automakers will have more of a chance to mix with lawmakers,  so
they're coming prepared. Manufacturers are trooping to town -- including some
that didn't bother to show up in Detroit -- with their own agendas: hobnobbing
with powerbrokers, lobbying to preserve and extend their federal aid, and
unveiling new technologies deployed in fuel-efficient vehicles.

The 67th Washington Auto Show gives General Motors and Chrysler the opportunity
to show politicians that they are building cars Americans want to buy. Shortly
after the displays are packed up, both automakers will be back in front of
Congress, detailing viability plans that include significant cost cuts and union
contract renegotiations. Failing to impress lawmakers could put the survival of
GM and Chrysler in jeopardy, as each needs to borrow billions of dollars of
taxpayer money beyond the $17.4 billion loan already allocated.

Manufacturers are bringing 700 new cars and trucks to the Walter E. Washington
Convention Center. They will be showing their latest fuel-efficient technologies
and batteries, as President Obama has made it clear that he'd like to put 1
million American-made plug-in hybrid cars on the road by 2015 and reduce
America's dependence on foreign oil.

"It gives the automakers an opportunity to showcase and strut their latest and
greatest in front of Congress and U.S. regulatory agencies, which are for better
or for worse their partners in automobile design," said Gerard Murphy, president
of the Washington Area New Automobile Dealers Association, which produces the
show.

General Motors will show off the prototype of its Chevrolet Volt, a plug-in
electric car that can go 40 miles without consuming a drop of gasoline, and its
luxury concept for using this battery technology in the Cadillac Converj.

Ford will highlight its new Ford Fusion hybrid sedan, which the company says has
better mileage than the Toyota Camry, and Ford Flex with EcoBoost, a technology
that combines direct fuel injection and turbocharging to boost fuel economy
without any performance loss.

Chrysler, which has been fending off accusations that it cannot survive without
a merger, is determined to prove itself viable with a display of several of its
advanced technology vehicles. Its futuristic concept Chrysler 200c EV, a
battery-powered sedan, lacks the traditional nobs, buttons and toggles; instead,
the car is outfitted with a giant touch screen that controls the temperature and
navigation, and connects the driver and passengers to the Internet.

Foreign automakers will also have a role in the showcase frenzy. Honda is
showing off a redesigned Insight, which in December 1999 became the first
gas-electric hybrid to hit the U.S. market. Toyota is exhibiting its
third-generation 2010 Prius, a roomier version that features better mileage and
solar-panel roof. Volkswagen has its concept Blue Sport roadster, a sporty car
employing advanced diesel technology. Nissan, which skipped the festivities in
Detroit last month, will be in Washington with its 370Z coupe, the first full
redesign of the Nissan Z since 2003.

"We're hopeful it'll do what auto shows are supposed to do, which is excite the
public's imagination and stimulate consumer confidence to bring buyers back to
the market," said Murphy, noting the steep declines in 2008 sales that are
expected to continue through the first half of this year.

Industry leaders will have ample opportunity to discuss policy. Today the
industry executives, policy wonks and environmentalists will meet on Capitol
Hill for the Green Car Journal's second annual Green Car Summit, a forum about
the technological challenges and possibilities for cleaner, more fuel-efficient
cars and trucks.

Tomorrow, the show's official policy day, the convention center will be filled
with a mix of politicians and executives, including former transportation
secretary Norman Mineta, Volkswagen chief executive Stefan Jacoby and Margo T.
Oge, director of the Environmental Protection Agency's Office of Transportation
and Air Quality. The industry will also honor its champion, Rep. John D. Dingell
(D-Mich.), who was recently ousted as chairman of the Energy and Commerce
Committee.

Washington and Detroit have long had a rocky relationship, battling over fuel
economy and safety regulations. In recent months, the two have repeatedly
clashed over the future of the auto industry.

Detroit's cash-strapped top executives flew to Washington on separate corporate
jets to ask for a government bailout in November. Instead they were chastised
and ridiculed.

When they returned -- this time driving to Capitol Hill in fuel-efficient
vehicles -- a more respectful tone prevailed, but lawmakers still were not
receptive to their pleas for financial help.

It was only as GM and Chrysler teetered on the brink of bankruptcy that the Bush
administration reluctantly delivered a $17.4 billion lifeline in December. Since
then, the automakers' finance arms have grabbed their own slice of the
Treasury's financial rescue plan.

It's no wonder the show's tagline emphasizes Washington's grip on the auto
industry: "The 2009 Washington Auto Show: The Automotive Seat of Power."

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Illustration By Kristin Lenz -- The Washington Post
IMAGE; Joe Wilssens; Chrysler's new 200C EV is a battery-operated car with a
touch-screen dashboard.
IMAGE; Nissan; Nissan, which skipped a Detroit show, will be in Washington with
its redesigned Z coupe.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             449 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 30, 2009 Friday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Economic Signs Turn From Grim To Worse;
Another Wave of Evidence Of a Deepening Recession

BYLINE: Annys Shin; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1114 words


On the eve of what is expected to be the clearest evidence yet of the nation's
deepening recession, bad news rolled in from across the economy and the world.

Sales of new homes in December plummeted,  corporations announced plans to cut
13,000 more U.S. jobs, unemployment claims jumped, and a troubled icon of U.S.
manufacturing, Ford Motor, yesterday announced a massive loss.

Early this morning, the Japanese government announced that factory output had
fallen 9.6 percent and that joblessness in the world's second-largest economy
jumped to 4.4 percent,  in the largest increase in 41 years.

The accelerating pattern of grim indicators has led up to  a  report scheduled
for release this morning on U.S. economic performance in the final three months
of last year. Many economists think the economy shrank by as much as a 6 percent
annual rate --  that would be the worst quarter for the economy since 1982 --
and they see little potential for growth until later this year.

Capturing the sentiment of a nation caught in an economic tailspin, President
Obama said yesterday that it was "shameful" that Wall Street firms doled out
nearly $20 billion in executive bonuses even as the government was spending
billions of dollars to rescue financial firms.

Stocks stumbled yesterday on the dire economic data, with the Dow Jones
industrial average dropping 2.7 percent, or 226.44 points, to close at 8149.01.

The slowdown has had a major impact on home sales. Sales of new homes in
December  plunged 14 percent from the month before and nearly 45 percent from
December 2007, according to government data released yesterday. It was the worst
month  on record dating to the early 1960s.

Recent data have been even gloomier than many analysts' estimates. Home sales,
for instance, were expected to fall to an annual pace of 397,000; instead  it
dropped to 331,000. Layoffs, too, have piled up faster than expected, worsening
the outlook for an economic recovery.

Contributing to yesterday's job cuts was Eastman Kodak, the photography company
based in Rochester, N.Y., which said it plans to cut up to 4,500 jobs, a fifth
of its workforce. Kansas airplane company Cessna said it would let go of 4,000
workers, while Oshkosh, a Wisconsin maker of fire engines and dump trucks, said
it would lay off about 1,000. British drugmaker AstraZeneca announced it would
eliminate 6,000 jobs, including an undisclosed number in the United States,
bringing its planned layoffs over the next five years to 15,000.

"Everybody, established corporations are pulling in the horns and trying to
weather the storm," said John Ryding, chief economist for RDQ Economics, a
research firm in New York.

Job cuts have swelled the ranks of those receiving unemployment benefits.
Yesterday, the Labor Department announced that the number of people continuing
to claim unemployment insurance had jumped more than expected, reaching 4.8
million for the week ending Jan. 17, the highest level since record-keeping
began in 1967. As a percentage of the labor force, jobless claims fall short of
the peak reached in the recession of the early 1980s.

Corporate layoffs are mounting as businesses scale back production in response
to a  drop in consumer spending. Orders for durable goods, big-ticket items such
as washing machines and autos, decreased  2.6 percent in December, the fifth
consecutive monthly decline, according to data released yesterday. Excluding
defense purchases, the decline was 4.9 percent.

Businesses have little reason to resume their previous pace of production and
won't for some time to come, Wachovia economist Tim Quinlan said. With fewer
orders coming in, business inventories have grown 17 of the past 18 months.
Goods are piling up at every step of the distribution chain, from manufacturing
plants to retail stores. Quinlan said he doesn't expect business spending to
rebound until the second half of 2010.

Ford reported a $14.6 billion loss in 2008, the automaker's worst annual
performance in its history. Manufacturing conglomerate 3M is  preparing for the
worst. Yesterday, after reporting a 37 percent drop in fourth-quarter profit,
the Maplewood, Minn., company said it would cut capital spending by 30 percent
and conserve cash. The announcement came just weeks after the firm, which makes
Scotch tape and Post-It Notes, said it would lay off  1,800 worldwide, put off
merit pay raises and alter its vacation policies -- all moves that 3M estimates
will save it more than $400 million over  the next several years.

"The fourth quarter . . . was different from any pattern we've ever seen before,
the synchronization of the world's economy in simultaneous contraction," chief
executive George Buckley told analysts yesterday on a conference call. "Weak
business conditions for consumer confidence and psychological fear factor made
it worse."

The job cuts at Cessna are in addition to 2,200 announced earlier by Textron,
its parent company. Textron said yesterday it plans to reduce capital spending
by 42 percent and close its commercial finance business to help improve its cash
position.

AstraZeneca spokesman Raymond Parisi said the additional job cuts announced
yesterday are part of a restructuring effort that began in 2007. More than half
of the 15,000 planned job cuts have already occurred. The money the company will
save as a result of the layoffs will enable it to invest in other areas, Parisi
said.

"The growth rate is not as high as its been," he said. "Basically, we're making
sure we're fit for what we need to do to deliver on our commitments."

When released today, the Commerce Department's initial estimate of
fourth-quarter GDP is expected to cap off the latest barrage of bad economic
news.

As recently as November, some experts were predicting the economy would contract
by 2.5 percent on an annualized basis in the fourth quarter, after falling by
0.5 percent in the third quarter.

But that was before the global slowdown  diminished demand for U.S. exports,
hundreds of thousands more workers lost their jobs and penny-pinching consumers
ruined Christmas for retailers. Economic conditions deteriorated in all 50
states in December, according to a report released yesterday by the Federal
Reserve Bank of Philadelphia.

Many analysts now  think the economy will not improve until later this year,
provided a government stimulus plan kicks in. The best many are hoping for is
that things don't get much worse.

"In September and October, the pace of downward adjustment intensified through
the end of the year. We're going through the most intense phase," said Alan
Levenson, economist for T. Rowe Price in Baltimore. "The rate of change is about
as negative as it is going to get."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Virginia

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Getty Images; An exhibit area of Olympic sponsor Kodak in
Beijing. Eastman Kodak, based in Rochester, N.Y., said it plans to cut up to
4,500 jobs, a fifth of its workforce.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             450 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 30, 2009 Friday
                                Regional Edition

Ford Lost $14.6 Billion in 2008;
Automaker Cuts Jobs, Says It Won't Seek Federal Bailout

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 791 words


Ford insisted that it would persevere without a government bailout yesterday
even as it reported a $14.6 billion loss in 2008, the automaker's worst annual
performance in its history.

But that pledge didn't come without concessions and cuts. Yesterday Ford told
lenders that it intends to draw $10.1 billion from an existing line of credit to
shore up its balance sheet. The company announced that it would eliminate 1,200
jobs at its finance arm, or about 20 percent of that workforce. The United Auto
Workers also agreed to end its jobs bank program, which paid workers at idle
plants.

"Ford has sufficient liquidity to make it through this global downturn and to
maintain our product plans without the need for government bridge loans," Ford
chief executive Alan R. Mulally said in a conference call announcing the
results. "We would however require a government bridge loan if there is a
significantly deeper economic downturn or a significant industry event, such as
the bankruptcy of a major competitor that causes disruption to the company's
supply base dealers or creditors."

Some analysts are already questioning Ford's projection that it can break even
in 2011. That target is based on the company's assumption that the industry will
sell 11.5 million to 12.5 million vehicles in the United States this year. GM,
however, has offered a more pessimistic estimate of 10.5 million.

Tracy Handler, an auto analyst with IHS Global Insight whose 2009 sales analysis
matches GM's estimate, said Ford's "outlook is very rosy."

"They're okay for right now," she said. But if volumes drop 1 million below the
company's assumption, like many predict, Ford will "definitely have to ask the
U.S. government for money."

Shares of the automaker fell about 4 percent to close at $1.95.

Ford's dismal finances capped off a terrible year for the entire auto industry.
Volatile gas prices, frozen credit markets and the housing crisis all hammered
the industry's sales, pushing them to the lowest levels in two decades. Even
Toyota announced that it would lose money for the first time.

Ford posted a $5.9 billion loss in the last three months of the year, despite
selling more than half its stake in Mazda for $530 million. Ford burned through
$5.5 billion of its available cash, leaving $13.4 billion on hand as of Dec. 31.
Ford took $2 billion set to go into a union-run health-care trust fund and
turned it into a note payable at the end of the year, bringing its total
liquidity to $24 billion.

The company is going through cash slower than it did during the third quarter.
But at its current rate, Ford could be left with $10 billion, the minimum amount
needed to run the company, in about eight months.

Ford's executives stressed that it is tapping its $10.1 billion credit line to
simply have the cash available, not to fund operations.

"We took this action because of our concerns about the growing instability of
the capital markets with the uncertain state of the global economy," Mulally
said.

Ford South America, which earned $105 million, was the only unit to report a
profit for 2008. Yet, the division posted a profit four times that amount a year
ago.

Mulally said Ford would not help Visteon, one of its main parts suppliers that
has been forced to make large job and pay cuts. The automakers spun off Visteon
into a separate company in 2000, which has since struggled much like former
General Motors parts unit Delphi.

"Visteon and Ford are clearly in a different place," Mulally said. "They have
really diversified their portfolio."

Ford cut costs by $4.4 billion in 2008. The company hopes current talks with the
union, creditors and other stakeholders will yield an additional $4 billion in
savings.

While GMAC and Chrysler Financial have both received aid from the financial
rescue package, Ford is pursuing the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility,
or TALF, program, which the Treasury and Federal Reserve are creating to support
auto, student and other consumer loans.

"We're working with the New York Fed, and we expect to have something up and
running sort of mid-February," Mulally said.

The company and the union are currently working out the details of ending the
jobs bank, which has 1,500 Ford workers. Elimination of the jobs bank was one of
the union concessions required under the $17.4 billion loans granted to GM and
Chrysler, and those two companies also reached agreement on the issue with the
UAW this week.

Government stimulus should improve sales in the second half of the year, said
Lewis Booth, Ford's chief financial officer.

"Despite the financial crisis, our plan is to invest new, smaller fuel-efficient
vehicles and achieve a more balanced global product portfolio that remains
intact," Mulally said. "Our pipeline is full."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Fabrizio Costantini -- Bloomberg News; Ford's outlook "is
very rosy," an auto analyst said, as the automaker assumes the industry will
sell 11.5 million to 12.5 million vehicles in the U.S. this year.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             451 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 20, 2009 Tuesday
                                Regional Edition

Ford's Hybrid Chief Charges Forward;
Gioia Works to Build a Fuel-Efficiency Leader

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E08

LENGTH: 1043 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


-- Hybrid cars are a tough sell these days. Low gas prices have made it easy for
consumers to get back in their gas-guzzling trucks and sport-utility vehicles.
The cars remain pricey compared with  their more traditional counterparts. And
if someone were still tempted, the state of the current economy would probably
scare them off.

But don't tell that to Ford's hybrid chief, Nancy Gioia.

"Boy, what a time to be a part of auto industry," she said. "If you ever want to
make a difference, it's a fantastic industry and fantastic time to be a part."

Gioia, 48, has been tasked with transforming the iconic American automaker into
the fuel-efficiency leader in every  vehicle category. Hard-charging and
unwavering on her mission, she takes it all in with a sunny disposition.

In an industry dominated by men, Gioia has risen to become one of the most
influential women in Detroit. She is a torchbearer of Bill Ford Jr.'s revamped
vision of his family's company and an innovator.

Gioia, a fan of double-shot lattes, is also a flurry of facts and figures.

Want to talk about batteries? She'll list reasons why Detroit's automakers need
a domestic battery cell supplier in 10 minutes flat. Next topic: Perfecting the
plug-in electric infrastructure. She'll briskly carry on without skipping a
beat.

"We have Southern California Edison, EPRI -- the Electric Power Research
Institute -- Department of Energy," she said. "And we have now have six other
utilities join the plug-in partnership to define the standards, customer
expectations, billings and requirements. We aren't just working on paper. We've
built 21 plug-in hybrids. About half of them built, we're delivering those
across the country, sharing data, so that we can help the system get there."

Gioia, the daughter of two schoolteachers, says she never thought she'd end up
in the auto industry. When she graduated from University of Michigan in 1982
with a degree in electrical engineering, Gioia had 15 job offers.

Yet, she took the one with Ford.

"It happened to be a real exciting time," she said. "Electronics were growing in
cars from $500 worth of content to $2,000 in a five-year period. It was this
great booming industry."

Along the way, Gioia has risen through the ranks. She oversaw the reinvented
2002 Ford Thunderbird from concept to production. And she most recently directed
engineering for all Ford, Lincoln and Mercury passenger cars in North America.

Now she faces her biggest project:  hybrids.

Hybrids, a combination of electrical and mechanical engineering, are a natural
fit for Gioia's expertise.

"When I joined the team, I was amazed," she said. "About half the people on the
team were people I started out at the company with. It was like going back to
the electronics division."

Under Gioia, who was named Ford's director of sustainable mobility technologies
and hybrids in 2005, the company has made strides in shrinking its technology.
Smaller and lighter parts translate into more affordable cars. The new Mercury
Milan is more fuel efficient and less costly to build, since Ford cut the cost
of its hybrid system by 30 percent.

But she also wants this new technology to be fun.

It's not enough that the 2010 Ford Fusion hybrid sedan claims better mileage
than the Toyota Camry; an advanced hybrid propulsion system allows the Fusion to
reach up to 47 mph in electric mode. Her engineers also installed a smart gauge
that coaches Fusion drivers to maximize the car's fuel economy. If you cut down
on slamming the brakes and high-speed sprints, green leaves will start to grow
on the display next to the speedometer.

"The car is a hoot to drive," Gioia said. "It's a lot of fun with smart
technology."

Last week, at the 2009 International Car of the Year awards, Gioia accepted the
Earth, Wind & Power Truck of the Year for the Ford Escape  hybrid. The first
annual award honored the most environmentally  friendly vehicles of the year.

"We believe climate change is real and we have to be a part of the solution,"
she said.

Gioia directs the scientists developing tomorrow's propulsion solutionsat
Ford's Research and Innovations Center and oversees a product engineering group
that's in charge of putting these new technologies into vehicles.

"She's emerging as someone who may be pivotal in the transformation of the U.S.
auto industry," said Dave Beach, a Stanford University engineering professor,
who taught Gioia during her master's program.

Gioia's strategy is to make small incremental changes over time, rather than
bundle together giant technology overhauls into one vehicle.

Ford's EcoBoost technology is a cornerstone of her short term plan. EcoBoost,
which combines direct fuel injection and turbocharging to boost fuel economy,
will allow for towing and heavy-duty hauling without any performance loss.

As Ford's technology improves, so will its mix of products. Lighter, more
powerful lithium-ion batteries are being developed in hopes of replacing the
limited capability of today's nickel-metal hydride batteries.

Though Gioia's main focus is battery electric technology, she's also working on
hydrogen internal combustion engines and hydrogen fuel cell vehicles.

She recognizes that families have different needs and need a variety of
vehicles. Gioia owns a Ford Escape hybrid for city driving. But she also has the
classic F-150 pickup, which she and her daughter use to transport their two
horses to shows.

Last week at the North American International Auto Show, Gioia stood in front of
a prototype skeleton of a battery-powered vehicle, explaining the intricacies of
this car of the future. Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), one of the loudest critics of
the auto industry, quietly nodded.

Gioia seems to have that effect on people. Doubling as the company's
advanced-technology evangelist, she's often recruited to explain Ford's advances
in fuel economy to journalists and influential visitors such as  Corker.

"Our goal is to help generate the knowledge we need for that electrified
future," she told Corker. "Another big part . . .  "

"Now, I'm playing tour guide here," interrupts Mark Fields, Ford's president of
the Americas, pulling the  senator away from the display.

"Now if I could, one other thing . . .  " she continued. Fields backed off: "She
always tells me what to do."

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Rebecca Cook -- Reuters; Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), right,
and Mark Fields, an executive vice president at Ford, join Nancy Gioia, Ford's
director of sustainable mobility technologies and hybrids, at the North American
International Auto Show.
IMAGE; By Fabrizio Costantini -- Bloomberg News; Ford is counting on the Fusion
hybrid, shown with the company's president of the Americas, Mark Fields, to help
burgeon its product line.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             452 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 18, 2009 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

How Will Pension Benefits Be Affected if Your Company Goes Bankrupt?

BYLINE: Nancy Trejos

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F05

LENGTH: 632 words


Gerald Fairbanks and Jean Rhian have pensions. That's the good news.

Her pension is with Ford. His pension is with General Motors. That's the bad
news.

The auto industry has suffered a great deal during this recession, requiring the
federal government to step in. Last month, President Bush agreed to provide
$17.4 billion in federal loans to GM and Chrysler. As a condition of the loans,
he demanded a corporate restructuring and cuts in union wages and benefits. Ford
has said it does not need government aid at this time.

Fairbanks and Rhian, married for 25 years and residents of Easton, have been
retired for nearly 10 years. He retired from his job as an engineer at 62. She
took a buyout from her job as a systems analyst at 56. Both receive Social
Security and each has an Individual Retirement Account.

They own their home and have no credit card debt. But they wonder if they will
keep receiving the same pension benefits if either of their companies goes
bankrupt.

"I've been wondering if I should go back to work," Fairbanks said.

"I'd say we're worried. Is there anybody who is not worried?" asked Rhian.

It's probably safe to say that the more than 40 million Americans who still have
pensions are at least a little bit worried right now.

According to Mercer, a consulting firm, the stock market turmoil of the past
year has left corporate pension plans at the largest companies underfunded by
$409 billion. At the end of 2007, those plans had a $60 billion surplus.

Auto pensions perhaps are some of the most problematic. U.S. automakers have
four retirees for every active worker.

Jeffrey Speicher, a spokesman for the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp., would not
comment on individual pensions because their coverage depends on a variety of
factors.

But he did say that Detroit's Big Three automakers face a $41 billion pension
shortfall. If the PBGC had to take over the pensions of all three automakers, it
would end up paying about $13 billion of that amount because of limits set by
Congress.

"The rest of it would be lost benefits borne by the workers and retirees," he
said.

Those who would lose out would probably be new retirees, those who took early
retirement, and those who earn the highest pensions.

Speicher pointed out that the agency doesn't automatically take over the pension
when company goes bankrupt. "First of all, the company needs to decide if it
wants to terminate the plan," he said. "If it does want to, it has to
demonstrate it cannot afford the plan."

If the bankruptcy court agrees that the company cannot afford the plan, the PBGC
will then guarantee individual pensions up to a certain amount.

For a company that cannot afford its pension plan in 2009, the agency would
cover up to $54,000 of annual pension benefits for workers who retired at age
65. Those who retired at an earlier age would get less. Those who retired at a
later age would get more. For example, if you retired at 62, you would receive
up to $42,660.

There are other limits, such as this: The PBGC cannot guarantee benefit
increases made within the five years prior to plan termination or the date the
company filed for bankruptcy.

Speicher said that most workers need not worry too much. Most receive annual
pension payments below the $54,000 maximum. On top of that, he said that it was
unlikely that all three automakers would require the PBGC to step in.

The bottom line: It is hard to say what the Easton couple could expect to
recoup. Anthony Shelley, of the District law firm Miller and Chevalier,
recommends that retirees working for bankrupt companies remain vigilant. If your
company is terminating your pension plan, it is required to notify you.

"Be advised of your rights and be in contact with either your attorney or the
PBGC in the event that the company does go bankrupt," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             453 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 17, 2009 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

U.S. Expands Aid To Auto Industry;
Chrysler Financial Gets $1.5 Billion From Treasury; Ford Credit in Talks

BYLINE: David Cho and Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 982 words


The government expanded its bailout of the nation's troubled auto industry
yesterday, announcing a new $1.5 billion loan for Chrysler Financial while Ford
Credit said it was in talks to obtain federal aid.

The money for Chrysler Financial will come from the government's $700 billion
financial rescue program. Senior officials from the Treasury and Federal Reserve
are hoping the assistance, combined with earlier support for General Motors'
chief lender GMAC, will keep auto loans flowing until the two agencies can make
more funds available for credit cards, student loans and small business loans.

The developments came on a frantic last work day at the Treasury Department, as
officials pushed out the door several key deals and announcements related to the
rescue program, known as the Troubled Assets Relief Program, or TARP.

The Treasury announced early yesterday that it would give $20 billion in aid to
Bank of America and committed to limit the company's losses on $118 billion of
troubled assets. The package was modeled on a similar bailout engineered for
Citigroup in December. Taken together, the two deals established an approach to
how troubled banks may receive help through the TARP in the next administration,
department officials said.

Also yesterday, Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. suggested that the
government might establish a "bad" bank to take on the troubled assets that
lenders cannot sell. The idea was also broached in a speech this week by Federal
Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke and is being considered by President-elect
Barack Obama's top economic advisers, the government officials said.

Last fall, Paulson told lawmakers that the TARP would be used to buy bad assets.
But soon after the bill was approved by Congress in early October, he moved away
from the idea to provide more direct aid to financial institutions.

"For me, we made some tough, big decisions without all of the facts," he said in
an interview. "Now that we have got more [facts], I feel every one of the major
decisions we made were the right ones."

The moves to aid the financing arms of the nation's automakers draw the federal
government more deeply into Detroit's troubles.

To date, the government has committed TARP money to provide $17.4 billion for
General Motors and Chrysler, $6 billion for GMAC, and now the new loan to back
Chrysler Financial.

Unlike Chrysler Financial and GMAC, Ford Credit has been talking to government
officials about receiving financing through a separate $200 billion Term
Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility, or TALF, which is being created by the
Treasury and Fed to support auto, student and other consumer loans.

"We're still funding our business," said Ford Credit spokeswoman Margaret
Mellott, who confirmed the talks, which have been going on for months. "We have
strong liquidity . . . It's an ongoing dialogue to free up credit."

Although Ford has said it can survive without federal aid or intervention, it
continues asking to be treated the same as its struggling cross-town rivals GM
and Chrysler.

"Ford has been trying to have its cake and eat it, too," said David Cole,
chairman of the Center for Automotive Research.

The support for Chrysler Financial is structured differently than most other
loans the Treasury has made from the TARP. Instead of investing money directly
into Chrysler Financial, the company is creating a special entity that will
receive the government loan. Chrysler Financial can then withdraw those funds to
make new auto loans.

The interest rate on the $1.5 billion government loan is initially set to be a
percentage point above the bank lending rate known as Libor, and is set to rise
by half a percentage point after one year. At the current low rates for Libor,
the government would see an interest rate of 1.36 percent.

As further compensation for making the loan, the new lending entity will also in
effect commit to pay the government $75 million, in the form of notes.

In addition, Chrysler Financial agreed to reduce by 40 percent the pool of bonus
money for its senior executives relative to the 2007 levels, among other
limitations on what it can pay its top officials.

As a result of this aid, many car buyers will be able to get zero percent
financing for up to five years on some 2008 and 2009 Chrysler cars, company
officials said.

"This will provide a great economic stimulus for car buyers across the country,"
Jim Press, Chrysler vice chairman and president said in a statement.

Chrysler Financial applied for TARP funds in November. In December, Chrysler's
sales slid 53 percent compared with the corresponding month a year before.

"This funding will better position us to withstand the current economic
challenges until funding becomes available through more traditional commercial
sources," said Thomas F. Gilman, vice chairman and chief executive of Chrysler
Financial in a statement.

In addition to announcing the deals for Chrysler Financial and Bank of America,
the Treasury said banks receiving federal aid must provide written certification
that their five most highly compensated executives are complying with pay
restrictions laid out in the TARP legislation. Some of these limits include
banning payments that reward risky behavior, prohibiting some "golden parachute"
payments when the officers leave, and limiting tax deductions in excess of
$500,000 for each senior executive.

The Treasury also announced it would lower the amount of losses that it would
insure for Citigroup to $301 billion from $306 billion.

The Treasury staff has showed little sign of slowing their pace since March,
when Bear Stearns nearly collapsed.

Yesterday was supposed to be their last day of work, but many senior Treasury
officials kept their government-issued BlackBerrys rather than turn them in.
They were given Federal Express envelopes to ship their devices next week, in
case they had to work over the weekend.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             454 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 12, 2009 Monday
                                Regional Edition

What Detroit's Doing Right

BYLINE: Mike Cox

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 495 words


America's Big Three automakers got pounded on Capitol Hill last month. Senators
from both parties took turns ridiculing General Motors, Ford and Chrysler as
out-of-touch fossils, churning out poor-quality products that virtually no one
wants to buy.

Wouldn't it be nice if America's automakers actually made cars that customers
wanted? New hybrids, for example, and electric vehicles, midsize cars that rank
high in quality and more models that get 30 miles per gallon?

Actually, that's exactly what Detroit is doing. Not in a couple of years, not
next year, but now.

I invite every member of the U.S. Senate to come visit the North American
International Auto Show in Detroit, which opened yesterday. Here is a sample of
what they would see:

Â· The brand-new Ford Fusion Hybrid, which is the most fuel-efficient midsize
car in America, averaging 41 miles per gallon.

Â· Chevy's new midsize Malibu, which gets 33 miles per gallon -- better than the
Toyota Camry, Honda Accord and Nissan Altima.

Â· Three new electric vehicles from Chrysler, including a gasoline-electric
minivan and Jeep model and an all-electric sports car.

Here are a few other facts for the doubters:

Â· This model year, Detroit will make more than 137 vehicles that get 30 miles
per gallon or more.

Â· The Big Three will also sell 25 hybrid models, 38 versions of flex-fuel
vehicles and eight models that run on clean diesel.

Â· Ford and GM tied for the leadership position in the prestigious 2008 J.D.
Power Initial Quality Study -- with 11 models ranked in the top three of their
respective segments.

Despite the public scolding recently heaped on the Big Three in Washington, Ford
and GM still make the top-selling vehicles in the country, the Ford F-150 truck
and the Chevy Silverado.

Senators who think Detroit is still stuck in the dinosaur age may be shocked to
learn that the Big Three are the leading purchasers of computer chips
nationwide. In fact, GM, Ford and Chrysler are making cutting-edge vehicles
featuring the latest in technology, engineering and fuel economy. Detroit's
automakers spend $12 billion annually on research and development. No other
industry can match that.

More changes are needed, and the Big Three understand that their pace of change
must be accelerated. But the last thing our economy needs right now is for 13
million jobs to be threatened. One out of every 10 jobs in America is related to
the auto industry. That's why President Bush wisely agreed to release funds as a
loan -- not a bailout -- to help the auto industry get through this Wall Street
credit crunch.

America's auto industry is building some of the safest, most fuel-efficient,
technologically advanced vehicles in the world. That will be on display at this
month's auto show in Detroit. As many have said: Facts are stubborn things.
Unfortunately, the facts about America's auto manufacturers may have run up
against something even more stubborn -- the U.S. Senate.

The writer is attorney general of Michigan.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             455 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 11, 2009 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

3rd Official of Indian IT Giant Held in Fraud

BYLINE: Sam Dolnick; Associated Press

SECTION: FOREIGN; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 505 words

DATELINE: NEW DELHI, Jan. 10


Indian police arrested the chief financial officer of embattled outsourcing
giant Satyam Computer Services on Saturday, the third executive to be charged in
a fraud scandal that threatens to roil India's flourishing technology industry.

The arrest of Vadlamani Srinivas came as authorities tried to contain the $1
billion accounting scandal by dissolving the company's board, including the
interim head, and announcing plans to name 10 replacements.

The scandal broke Wednesday when Satyam's founder and then-chairman, B.
Ramalinga Raju, admitted to filling the company's balance sheets with
"fictitious" assets and "nonexistent" cash in an extraordinary letter to the
company's board.

The company -- which is fighting for its life -- could no longer conceal the $1
billion hole after a deal intended to save the struggling Satyam was abandoned,
Raju said in the letter.

He resigned from Satyam -- Sanskrit for "truth" -- that day, along with his
brother, B. Rama Raju, who was managing director. The siblings have been
arrested, and they were charged Saturday with criminal conspiracy, forgery,
criminal breach of trust and falsifying documents, said senior police official
V.S.K. Kaumudi. They face a maximum of life in prison, Kaumudi said.

Srinivas, the third-ranking executive at Satyam, was arrested and charged with
the same offenses Saturday night, the police official said.

Satyam, which is headquartered in the southern state of Andhra Pradesh, employs
53,000 people -- among 2 million Indians working in the country's booming
high-tech industry, which last year brought in an estimated $40 billion. The
company's clients include a slew of Fortune 500 companies, such as Nestle,
General Electric and Ford Motors.

Corporate Affairs Minister Prem Chand Gupta dismissed Satyam's board late Friday
and, in an official statement, condemned "the greed and misdeeds of a few
persons who were at the helm of affairs of the company."

The statement said the federal government would appoint 10 people "to function
as directors of the company," but no one had been named to the seats.

Although Satyam is a publicly traded company, the Indian government can
intervene in extraordinary circumstances to stabilize a company.

Gupta told reporters that the new board would hold its first meeting within a
week and would appoint a new management team.

Archana Uttapa, a Satyam spokeswoman, said the company did not know who would be
named to the new board. A board meeting scheduled for Saturday was canceled, she
said.

Uttapa said the "business side continues," with work scheduled to return to
normal Monday.

Although media have speculated about mass layoffs and whether the company can
meet its payroll obligations, Uttapa said salaries have been paid through
December and cleared for January.

The scandal comes at a delicate time for India's information technology
companies, which are struggling against a global slowdown and waning economic
growth at home. India's IT firms derive 40 percent of their global revenue from
financial services clients.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             456 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             January 9, 2009 Friday
                                 Met 2 Edition

For the Big Event, It's This Town's Car

BYLINE: Paul Farhi; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1057 words


A little advice  for would-be  machers, pooh-bahs and plutocrats coming to town
for the inauguration: If you want to make the proper impression, Thurston, ditch
the limo. Go for the Town Car.

A limo says you're trying too hard. It says prom night. Unless you're riding
with guys with earpieces or you're so famous you go by one name, the limo says
more-money-than-brains. And, what, you've never heard the term "limousine
liberal"?

The Town Car, on the other hand, suggests a kind of upper-crust restraint, a
dignified and solemn display of bankroll. It's stolid, solid and black (or very
dark blue), and it has what car people like to call "design continuity," which
is a nice way of saying the Lincoln Town Car hasn't changed much since Ronald
Reagan's first inauguration. Plus, it's got a driver in a dark suit, which adds
just the right touch of class, or maybe just class consciousness, to your ride.

In any event, Barack Obama's inauguration figures to be a Town Car-a-palooza.
Local "black car" companies (that's the industry term for car-for-hire firms)
report that bookings are coming in from all their usual suspects -- TV networks,
law firms, trade associations -- as well as from random out-of-towners who
desire to sit in gridlock in professionally driven comfort. Plus, outside of
charter buses and taxis, there may not be too many other motorized ways to get
into and around the city, given the  Secret Service's draconian restrictions on
personal vehicles. (Taxis and limousines are permitted under the regulations.)

"You come to Washington, you want a driver who knows his way around, who will be
there for you with a reliable car, a clean car," says Nasir Baluch of Star
Limousine  in Alexandria. Baluch's company is renting the smooth-riding,
gas-guzzling (16 mpg, city), V-8-powered Town Car for $90 a hour -- with a
30-hour minimum during Inaugural Week. That's $2,700 (not including tip), with
no guarantee that your driver will be able to get you within schlepping distance
of the Mall or inaugural balls on lockdown day.

The Town Car is the most-booked black car for a simple reason: There aren't many
alternatives. While some companies offer Cadillac sedans, and fewer still go
with Lexus and Mercedes, the Town Car is dominant in most for-hire fleets. Mark
Schirmer, a spokesman for Ford Motor Co.'s Lincoln Mercury division, which makes
the Town Car, says the model accounts for the "vast majority" of the black-car
market. (The modified Town Car hearse is also one of the most popular vehicles
in the funeral industry.)

As a compromise between a taxi and a limo, the Town Car projects power but not
intrusiveness. In movies and TV shows, it's always the car that hauls the
protagonist and his lawyer to the big courtroom scene (car pulls up, door swings
open, reporters crowd around bedazzled occupant . . . ). It carries four
passengers, but you hardly ever see more than two. In official DMV parlance,
Town Cars are often classified as "livery vehicles," a phrase redolent of horses
and rosewood-inlaid carriages.

The Town Car isn't really a flashy piece of Detroit metal (actually, it's made
in Canada), but that's kind of the point. People who hire Town Cars tend to be
business executives, not rock stars  or rappers. They want a prestige ride,
sure, but not one that draws stares. A business executive or lawyer, Baluch
says, "doesn't want to go around in a fancy car that [suggests] he's charging
his client too much."

The Town Car's popularity as a fleet vehicle owes to its longevity and
durability, as well as its size, comfort and price, says Martin Romjue, the
editor of Limousine & Chauffeured Transportation, a trade magazine.

Longevity: Ford's Lincoln division started making a Town Car edition of its
land-yacht Continental in the 1950s, though the first official Lincoln Town Car
didn't hit the market until 1981. Durability: The Town Car holds up in tough
city driving (fleet owner Habib Khan of Regal Limousine in Sterling has 300,000
miles on one of his) and has been around so long that replacement parts are
abundant. Comfort: Plenty of trunk and legroom in this beast (if not, the
slightly stretchy L series model provides an extra six inches).

The Town Car's biggest appeal, however, may be its price. The 2009 model lists
for $45,815, but that's for suckers who pay retail. Romjue says fleet companies
get volume discounts that can knock the car's price down to around $35,000 to
$40,000 per vehicle, at which point it undercuts the Caddies, Lexi and
Mercedeses.

Alas, the Town Car's days may be numbered.

For starters, the city of New York has its eye on the Town Car. In an ongoing
effort to green up the city's taxis and black cars, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's
administration last year implemented rules that will phase out aging vehicles,
and requires some cars to get at least 25 miles to the gallon (city) by 2013.
The latter measure would hit the Town Car hardest. To have any hope of meeting
the new mileage standard, Ford would essentially have to turn the Town Car into
a Prius. The company says it's still talking to the city about modifying the
plan.

But the Town Car may die long before that.

Although it hasn't officially declared the Town Car dead, Ford has made no
commitment to produce it after the current model year, stirring concern within
the black-car business. Fleet purchases are still strong, the company says, but
fleet sales don't pay the rent, accounting as they do for only about a third of
the 15,700 Town Cars sold annually. Rather, the car's sliding retail sales and
aging demographics (the average buyer is 70 years old) have been arguing against
continued production for years. "The Town Car," declares company spokesman
Schirmer, "is not the future of Lincoln."

Instead, Lincoln is pushing a smaller, somewhat sleeker luxury sedan called the
MKS as its new flagship.

"In a lot of ways, the Town Car isn't a Lincoln anymore," Schirmer says. "It's a
Town Car, not a Lincoln Town Car. People say, 'What did you get picked up in at
the airport today?' And the answer is, 'a Town Car.' They don't even say
'Lincoln.' "

True. But someday we'll gaze up at the Town Car on display at the Museum of
Hydrocarbon Atrocities and sigh. Gas guzzler? Road hog? Leviathan? Yeah, it's
all that.

But inaugural week may provide one last shining reminder of what else the Town
Car was: a classic.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE; Ford Motor Co. / Wieck Media; Lincoln Town Car says class not crass.
IMAGE; Ford Motor Co. / Wieck Media

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             457 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 8, 2009 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

End Run On the Treasury

BYLINE: George F. Will

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 722 words


In America's ever-more-democratic society, egalitarianism seeps into everything,
even the supposedly severe meritocracy of sport. So every 7-year-old who has
soccer shoes laced up by a parent gets a trophy just for showing up, and almost
every college football team that is not dreadful is "bowl-eligible." That is why
there are 34 bowl games, which is why you might not have noticed Tuesday's
Bailout Bowl (Ball State vs. Tulsa, by the way), in which you could have seen
your tax dollars at work. Or at play.

The game's real name was the GMAC Bowl. GMAC is known as the "financing
affiliate" of General Motors. But Cerberus, the huge private equity firm that
owns 80.1 percent of Chrysler, also owned 51 percent of GMAC until GMAC got the
government to baptize it as a bank holding company. That transformation
supposedly was necessary to make GMAC eligible for a place at the TARP (Troubled
Asset Relief Program) trough -- although GM itself already has a place there, as
does Chrysler. Anyway, the infusion of TARP dollars -- 6 billion of them --
diluted Cerberus's GMAC ownership to at most 33 percent, but that diminution
seems a small price for Cerberus to pay for a second bite from the bailout
apple.

Washington sternly said that it would allow GMAC to become a bank holding
company only if GMAC managed to increase its capital to $30 billion. When GMAC
fell far short of that goal, Washington supplied some of the shortfall.
Immediately after GMAC became eligible for TARP money, GM reduced to zero the
interest rate -- for up to 60 months -- on certain models. This, of course,
penalizes GM competitors, including Toyota, Honda and other "transplants" whose
cars are made in America by Americans for Americans, and Ford, which does not
have the freedom of maneuver conferred by TARP money because Ford is not taking
any.

This redundant evidence that no good deed goes unpunished might be a reason for
Ford to take some. Then it could join GM in using taxpayers' money to produce
more troubled assets. The New York Times reports that GMAC has begun making
loans to borrowers with credit scores as low as 621, a significant relaxation of
the 700 minimum score the company adopted just three months ago as it struggled
to survive. America's median credit score is 723. GMAC's lowered standards will
increase the number of people eligible for its loans by an estimated 50 million.

What should one call loans made to applicants who, three months ago, were
thought to be trying to buy more expensive cars than they could afford? How
about "subprime loans"? Thus does the economy, which is suffering a fierce
hangover after going on a bender of reckless borrowing, try a familiar remedy --
the hair of the dog.

The $6 billion for GMAC comes from the federal government buying $5 billion
worth of preferred shares in GMAC and lending another $1 billion to GM for it to
invest in GMAC. All this makes GMAC partially nationalized, so taxpayers should
be able to indulge a wholesome curiosity concerning, for example, how much GMAC
paid for its sponsorship of the bowl game. But GMAC will not say.

Why not? Whatever the sum is, it is hardly even a rounding error on $6 billion.
In 2000, the first year of its bowl sponsorship, GMAC paid $500,000. Perhaps the
sponsorship makes marketing sense, even today. But even though its pockets are
bulging with public money, GMAC says, through a spokeswoman on Monday, that it
does not disclose the specifics of its marketing program.

You might think that a company forfeits the right to such secrecy when it takes
the public's money. You would, evidently, be mistaken. Although GMAC is now
attached by an umbilical cord to the U.S. Treasury, GMAC's position is that the
sponsorship price is none of the public's business.

Are there any legal inhibitions on what the executive branch can do with TARP
money? Are there any legal requirements regarding what TARP recipients must
disclose or explain? Perhaps not; perhaps we are operating under the Knox
Principle.

Philander Chase Knox was President Theodore Roosevelt's attorney general when
the United States acquired the Panama Canal Zone by unsavory means. When TR
asked Knox for a defense of the acquisition, Knox is said to have replied, "Oh,
Mr. President, do not let so great an achievement suffer from any taint of
legality."

georgewill@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             458 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 6, 2009 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

U.S. Auto Sales Fell 36% in December;
Declines Expected To Continue in '09

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 908 words


The auto industry capped off 2008 with its worst sales in 16 years as Americans
continued to steer clear of dealerships in December, according to sales figures
released yesterday.

Industry-wide, automakers sold 896,124 new cars, minivans and trucks in
December, a drop of 36 percent compared with December 2007, according to
preliminary data released yesterday by the industry research firm Autodata.

Sales at General Motors, Toyota, Ford, Chrysler and Honda -- the U.S. auto
market's five largest manufacturers -- all fell sharply in a month when
recession fears grew and domestic automakers sought help from Congress to avoid
financial collapse. GM said sales were down 31 percent. Ford's sales plummeted
32 percent, Toyota's fell 37 percent, and Chrysler's sales dropped 53 percent.
Honda's sales slid about 35 percent in December.

For the entire year, U.S. sales totaled 13.24 million in 2008, down about 18
percent, according to Autodata, and the fewest U.S. sales since 1992.

Industry executives attributed the poor sales to the economic downturn. The
housing crisis sideswiped automakers, as consumers watched their wealth vanish
with falling prices. Then the credit markets froze, making it difficult for
buyers to get auto loans. By the end of the year, consumers had begun to hunker
down, fearing a prolonged recession. Even lower gas prices and generous
end-of-the-year discounts could do little to lure them into showrooms.

The sales drop hit a wide variety of models. Annual sales of the hybrid Toyota
Prius fell about 45 percent compared with 2007, just as sales of the more
traditional Ford Taurus sedan dropped 46 percent.

"There is business out there, but the business has been reduced, first and
foremost, because consumers are concerned about their employment status, their
prospects for income growth, whether they are going to get a raise or not or
whether they are going to have a job or not," said George Pipas, Ford's U.S.
sales analyst. "And I think that's going to continue to weigh on consumers in
the first quarter."

GM's sales totaled just under 3 million for the year, down 23 percent from 2007.
Toyota's annual sales dropped 15 percent, to 2.22 million. Ford's sales fell 21
percent, to nearly 2 million vehicles. Chrysler sold 1.45 million units, a 30
percent decrease, and Honda's sales totaled 1.43 million units, an 8 percent
decrease.

"It was a period we were really discovering, confronting and adjusting to a lot
of new realities," said Jim Press, Chrysler president and vice chairman.

GM took solace from holding on to the No. 1 position in the U.S. auto market in
a turbulent year.

"Despite some of the things that came out in the discussion with Congress about
Americans not wanting to buy American vehicles, I would say this data puts that
to rest," said Mike DiGiovanni, GM's executive director of global market and
industry analysis.

GM shares rose about 2 percent, to close at $3.71. Ford stock increased about 5
percent, to $2.58. Toyota's American depositary receipts dropped about 1
percent, to $65.62, and Honda's fell 2 percent, to $21.37.

The industry is bracing for even weaker sales this year. Emily Kolinski Morris,
Ford's senior economist, said the first quarter is going to be "bad, no matter
how you look at it."

"We expect the first several months of 2009 are going to feel very much like the
last few months of 2008," she said.

December was filled with hefty incentives and big advertising campaigns to woo
consumers back to showrooms. Many of these enticements are continuing this year
to boost sales.

"These are tried-and-true ways they use to finish off the year and extinguish
any prior-year inventory," said Michael Robinet, vice president of global
forecast services for CSM Worldwide.

General Motors is offering financing at as low as zero percent interest for up
to five years on select new cars.

South Korean automaker Hyundai, which posted a 48 percent sales decline in
December, launched a program yesterday that will allow people to return their
cars free if they lose their jobs and can't make payments. Covering up to $7,500
in depreciation within a year of purchase, the program aims to address financial
woes such as unemployment and disability.

Cutting more costs, Chrysler yesterday announced plans to scale down its
Hollywood theatrics at the annual North American International Auto Show next
week. In 2007, the company showed off its new Dodge Ram by driving more than 120
steer through the streets of Detroit. This year the company won't even be
hosting the media; Chrysler executives must purchase their own tickets to the
show's charity ball.

"Less glitz and no giveaways," blogged Rick Deneau, director of product, brand
and sales communications. "These are unfortunate but necessary steps to help
return Chrysler to a solid footing. And with the government loan to help
Chrysler bridge the financial crisis, it's the right thing to do."

But there is only so much automakers can do to reverse their financial distress,
Robinet said. They will need the government to step in, he said, to improve "the
two C's: credit and confidence."

Domestic auto executives expressed their hope that the Obama administration
would create a stimulus package that would help lift auto sales in the second
half of this year.

But Chrysler's Press was quick to correct the notion that they might need
additional government aid.

"We're not counting on it," he said. "We're ready to operate in this
environment."

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             459 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 30, 2008 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

NATIONAL BRIEFING

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 732 words

AUTOMOTIVE

Kerkorian Sells Last Ford Shares

Billionaire investor Kirk Kerkorian has sold his remaining 5 percent stake in
Ford, according to his investment company, Tracinda.

Kerkorian, 91, unloaded his last 107 million shares, ending his investment with
the troubled automaker whose turnaround efforts he expressed confidence in
earlier this year.

Kerkorian's stake in Ford peaked in June, when he owned 6.49 percent after
paying $1 billion at an average share price of $7.10. He began scaling back his
ownership in October, selling shares at an average price of $2.43 each,
according to regulatory filings. That marked a loss of about two-thirds of his
investment, or roughly $650 million.

"I just look at it as a negative indicator for the auto industry as a whole,"
said Stephen Spivey, auto analyst for the consulting firm Frost & Sullivan. "The
smart money is pulling out of this industry and you've got the taxpayer being
the only significant investor left in these companies."

BANKING

Treasury Injects $1.9 Billion

The Treasury Department announced another $1.9 billion in new capital for 43
banks in exchange for preferred stock and warrants as part of the $700 billion
financial rescue plan. The latest infusion increases to $172.46 billion the
total of capital injections into banks as of Dec. 23.

M&T Bank received the most, getting $600 million in return for preferred stock
and warrants.

The deals are part of the Troubled Asset Relief Program enacted on Oct. 3. The
Treasury has made $250 billion available for purchasing preferred shares in
banks so they can increase lending to businesses and consumers.

Firms Borrowing Less from Fed

Commercial banks and investment firms borrowed less from the Federal Reserve's
emergency lending program last week, although demand for the loans remains high
amid a global credit crunch, the government said.

Commercial banks averaged $86.3 billion in daily borrowing over the week that
ended Wednesday, down from $88.4 billion for the week that ended Dec. 17.

Investment firms drew $45.7 billion in the week that ended Dec. 24, compared
with an average of $50.5 billion the previous week.

LEGAL

Madoff Trustee Seeks $28 Million

The trustee for Bernard Madoff's investment firm reached a deal to transfer
$28.1 million of the company's funds from Bank of New York Mellon to pay for its
liquidation.

Irving Picard, the trustee appointed by Securities Investor Protection Corp., is
working to collect as much cash as possible for the creditors of the trading
firm.

Picard worked out an agreement with Bank of New York Mellon to get $29 million,
minus $883,978 already transferred by the bank for costs such as employee pay
and benefits.

The deal  must be approved by U.S. Bankruptcy Court at a hearing scheduled for
today.

Madoff, who hasn't formally responded to a securities fraud charge, is due in
court Jan. 12, unless he is indicted before then or the court date is postponed.
Madoff allegedly told his sons that he ran a $50 billion Ponzi scheme, according
to a criminal complaint by the FBI.

RETIREMENT

Government Pension Payouts Rise

State and local government pension plans paid $168 billion to 7.5 million
retirees and their survivors last year, the Census Bureau said. That is 8
percent, or $12 billion, more than the $156 billion paid to 7.3 million
beneficiaries in 2006.

Payouts in 2007 included $5 billion in early withdrawals, compared with $4
billion the previous year, the Census Bureau said.

Corporate stocks accounted for 36 percent, or $1.2 trillion, of investment
holdings, while foreign and international securities made up 15 percent, or
$518.3 billion. Corporate bonds made up 13 percent, or $448.5 billion.

The remainder was spread among government securities, real property, funds held
in trust and other investments. Cash and security investment holdings of state
and local pension plans totaled $3.4 trillion, up from $2.9 trillion in 2006.

TREASURY BILLS

T-bill rates rose. The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills auctioned
yesterday rose to 0.05 percent from 0.04 percent last week. Rates on six-month
bills fell to 0.25 percent from 0.285 percent. The annualized return to
investors is 0.051 percent for three-month bills, with a $10,000 bill selling
for $9,998.75, and 0.254 percent for a six-month bill selling for $9,987.43.

Compiled from reports by Washington Post staff writers, the Associated Press and
Bloomberg News.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Kevork Djansezian -- Associated Press; Kirk Kerkorian sold
his last 107 million shares in Ford, ending his investment with the automaker.
IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             460 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 28, 2008 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Nuts & Bolts;
2009 Mercury Mariner Premier I-4

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 371 words


Complaints: This structural and mechanical twin of the Ford Escape uses disc
brakes up front and outmoded drum brakes in the rear, same as the Escape. Here's
hoping that Ford carries through with rumored plans to install the
more-effective disc brakes at all four corners of successor vehicles.

Ride, acceleration and handling: The front-wheel-drive, four-cylinder Mariner
Premier is great for use as a flatlands commuter wagon. But keep it off wintry
mountain roads.

Head-turning quotient: It is pleasant in the way of the familiar, which is
another way of saying that the Mariner has been around for nine years and is in
need of a radical remake.

Body style/layout: The Mercury Mariner is a compact, front-engine sport-utility
vehicle available with front-wheel drive or all-wheel drive. Go with front-wheel
drive for best fuel economy and all-wheel drive for best traction. Choose the
four-cylinder model for more miles per gallon and the V-6 for hauling power.

Engine/transmission: The 2.5-liter, inline four-cylinder engine develops 171
horsepower at 6,000 revolutions per minute and 171 foot-pounds of torque at
4,500 rpm.

Capacities: There are seats for five people. Cargo capacity with rear seats up
is 29.2 cubic feet; with rear seats down, it's 62 cubic feet. The fuel tank
holds 16.5 gallons of regular unleaded gasoline.

Mileage: The four-cylinder, front-wheel-drive Mariner Premier delivers 28 miles
per gallon on long highway runs. We got 18 mpg in city traffic.

Safety: Standard equipment includes side and head air bags and electronic
stability and traction control.

Price: The base price of the 2009 Mercury Mariner Premier with front-wheel drive
and an inline four-cylinder engine is $24,765. Dealer's invoice price on that
model I is $23,006. Price as tested is $30,110, including $4,620 in options
(voice-activated Microsoft Sync system with onboard navigation and backup
camera, dual-zone climate control and 17-inch diameter wheels) and a $725
destination charge. Dealer's price as tested is $27,660. Prices were sourced
from Ford, Edmunds.com and Cars.com, an affiliate of The Washington Post.

Purse-strings note: Compare with Chevrolet Equinox, Honda CR-V, Hyundai Santa
Fe, Volkswagen Tiguan and Toyota Rav-4.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             461 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 27, 2008 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Smith Passes Florida Atlantic to Victory in the Motor City Bowl;
Florida Atlantic 24, Central Michigan 21

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E02

LENGTH: 375 words

DATELINE: DETROIT, Dec. 26


Florida Atlantic has played eight seasons of major college football and already
has a winning streak in bowl games.

Rusty Smith threw for 307 yards and two second-half touchdowns to help the Owls
beat Central Michigan, 24-21, on Friday night in the Motor City Bowl.

Florida Atlantic began playing in division I-A in 2001 but has won both its
postseason games. The Owls defeated Memphis last year in the New Orleans Bowl.

The score was tied at 10 midway through the third quarter when Smith hit Chris
Bonner with a 52-yard scoring pass. Smith found Cortez Gent with an 18-yard
strike early in the fourth to give the Owls (7-6) a bit of a cushion.

Making their third straight Motor City Bowl appearance, the Chippewas (8-5) cut
the lead to 24-21 with three minutes to play when Dan LeFevour hit Antonio Brown
with a touchdown pass and then Kito Poblah for a two-point conversion. Gent
recovered the ensuing onside kick, however.

Most of the 41,399 fans at Ford Field cheered the in-state Chippewas, but they
were quiet as Florida Atlantic ran out the clock. It was the smallest turnout in
the game's 12-year history, yet Motor City Bowl chairman Ken Hoffman said the
game will return to Ford Field in 2009 despite Detroit's dismal economic
forecast.

Chrysler LLC pulled out of its Motor City Bowl sponsorship commitment in early
November, leaving Ford Motor Co. and General Motors Corp. as the game's major
presenters.

Smith, selected the game's MVP, finished 20 for 35. Gent caught seven passes for
98 yards.

LeFevour was 28 for 40 for 253 yards with two touchdowns and a first-quarter
interception that led to the Owls' first touchdown.

Central Michigan trailed 17-13 late in the third quarter when Antonio Brown
sprang loose for what would have been a 72-yard touchdown run, but Poblah's
facemask penalty negated it.

The teams went to halftime tied at 10 after Florida Atlantic's Ross Gornall
kicked a 36-yard field goal late in the second quarter.

Dilvory Edgecomb scored on a 1-yard run in the first quarter for the Owls, but
LeFevour answered in the second with a short touchdown pass to Poblah.

Brown caught 11 passes for 91 yards for Central Michigan, which topped Middle
Tennessee in the 2006 Motor City Bowl and lost a 51-48 shootout to Purdue last
year.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             462 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 21, 2008 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Passing the Buck

BYLINE: Michelle Singletary

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 906 words


When the chief executives of General Motors and Ford announced that they would
take just $1 a year in salary if Congress bailed their companies out, I rolled
my eyes. Not for a moment did that gesture make me feel better about the
possibility of the automakers receiving welfare.

Who in their right mind thinks a chief executive earning a $1 a year is actually
making a sacrifice?

Nobody.

Last year, the chief executives of at least 32 companies took the symbolic
salary of $1 a year, according to Equilar,  an executive compensation research
firm.

We regular wage earners know darn well these guys will get stock options,
benefits and perks that far exceed what most of us will earn in our lifetimes.

From 2006 to 2007, the median value of total stock holdings and accumulated
retirement benefits for Fortune 500 chief executives increased 6.1 percent to
$56.7 million from $53.4 million, Equilar found. These amounts include pension
benefits, deferred compensation, outstanding stock option awards, unvested stock
awards and shares owned outright.

Executive compensation has again become a hot-button issue as company after
company tanks, taking the economy  down with them. On  the gut level, it just
feels morally wrong for executives to earn millions while shareholders and
employees suffer so badly.

Ideally, executive compensation should be set by the marketplace and not by the
government. Pay for performance is what we all expect. The harder you work or
the more value you bring to your company, the more you deserve to be
compensated.

That's the ideal way to pay people. But we know that chief executives, at least
those running major corporations, are different. There's so much more at stake
when they fail to do their jobs properly. Just look at the American auto
industry. The executives who ran Chrysler, Ford and GM off the road are
compensated handsomely while begging for a bailout. Even if their companies go
broke, the bigwigs will get millions in compensation despite their mistakes.

But there's some good that could be had from the current crisis in corporate
America. When someone is pleading for a handout, you can get something in
exchange for rescuing them. It would be idiotic if Congress didn't take
advantage of this crisis and find a way to better control the way executives are
compensated.

If we now have an economy in which we cannot allow certain industries or
companies to fail, then we need better governance over executive compensation.
We need to place checks and balances so top executives aren't allowed to run
firms into the ground while enjoying outrageous pay packages no matter how their
companies perform.

Perhaps one way is to focus more on the boards that approve executive pay. Let's
hold accountable the people responsible for granting the monstrous stock
options, bonuses, golden parachutes and benefits.

Last year, companies in the S&P 500 index spent on average more than $2 million
on board compensation, according to preliminary findings of a director pay
survey by the Corporate Library, an independent research firm. The median total
compensation for individual directors of S&P 500 companies was just  less than
$200,000.

Despite the economic downturn and a year-long recession, the pay for directors
has gone up. The median increase in total board compensation was nearly 11
percent. The median increase in compensation for individual directors was almost
12 percent. This is the third year of double-digit increases for directors and
boards.

Is it no wonder that executive pay is so high? The people determining how much
executives will get are lapping up the money, too.

A board of directors ought to be examining executive compensation in the name of
good governance. The buck has to stop with the directors because, let's be
honest, they will never give up the responsibility to approve executive pay to
stockholders and probably shouldn't.

I favor the trend of companies and boards taking pay cuts and eliminating
bonuses when corporate performance stumbles. For example, Western Digital is
reducing the salaries of its chief executive and top executives 15  to 33
percent. The company also said in its filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission that it was reducing nonemployee director retainers and committee
fees by 15 percent for 2009.

"The rate at which companies are reducing executive salaries is certainly
accelerating, and in many cases, executives are acting ahead of their boards by
voluntarily taking pay cuts," said Alexander Cwirko-Godycki, research manager at
Equilar.

But that's the problem: We can't always rely on this volunteer effort.

There has to be accountability, and it's got to start with the compensation
committees of these large companies. They have to have an overarching value
system that recognizes that their decisions have rippling effects on our entire
economy. And if they cannot get it right, we need to make them.

Â· On the air: Michelle Singletary discusses personal finance Tuesdays on NPR's
"Day to Day" program and at http://www.npr.org.

Â· By mail: Readers can write to her at The Washington Post, 1150 15th St. NW,
Washington, D.C. 20071.

Â· By e-mail: singletarym@washpost.com

Comments and questions are welcome, but because of the volume of mail, personal
responses are not always possible. Please note that comments or questions may be
used in a future column, with the writer's name, unless a specific request to do
otherwise is indicated.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             463 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 20, 2008 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Bailout Floors the Pedal on Downsizing

BYLINE: Warren Brown

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 933 words


The $17.4 billion bailout loan approved for the  automobile industry will
accelerate a restructuring that has been in progress for nearly 15 years.

The result will be a smaller General Motors and Ford in America, a bigger and
more robust GM and Ford overseas, and barring the birth of a truly international
labor union, a United Auto Workers that is a union in name only.

There will be no independent Chrysler. That company is bereft of a full product
line. It is bleeding cash and top executives. Chrysler is likely to use the loan
to soften its inevitable fall into bankruptcy or to speed its acquisition by a
larger entity.

It all means that the restructure-or-perish talk heard in recent months on
Capitol Hill and repeated yesterday by President Bush is bunk. It's drama put on
by politicians trying to make themselves look responsible. It is mouthy
justification for helping the car companies continue doing what they have been
doing all along -- downsizing and, in the process, hastening the effective
demise of the UAW.

Domestic car companies have been trimming their U.S. market presence for nearly
two decades. They've also been integrating  more thoroughly into the global
automotive business -- combining North American and overseas operations for
product development and design, streamlining procurement, and using
simultaneous, computer-assisted product engineering and development to deliver
truly world-class automobiles.

That means the hot European Ford Focus sold in Russia and London eventually will
be sold here. It means an end to cheapskate anomalies, such as otherwise likable
cars being equipped with state-of-the-art disc brakes up front and marginally
acceptable drum brakes in the rear. GM and Ford already have started making such
changes, largely because U.S. consumers have been demanding that the two
companies give them the same quality and type of cars they sell overseas.

The world has changed.

Think of it this way: In terms of cars, the United States once was the moral
equivalent of a three-company town -- General Motors, Ford and Chrysler. They
had a lock on new-vehicle sales, pretty close to a 100 percent share of market.
For the longest time, GM divisions such as Buick operated as separate
engineering and marketing fiefdoms, duplicating at great cost and waste things
being done at GM's Chevrolet, Pontiac, GMC and Cadillac divisions.

A wide-open U.S. market changed that picture. Foreign automotive rivals took
advantage of that open market and changed it for good, in much the manner that
Wal-Mart has changed the department store dynamic in the United States.

The manufacturing and retail infrastructure built to sustain a nearly 100
percent domestic automobile market share became unsupportable. U.S. car
companies began shutting down plants. Where there once were 50,000 domestic car
dealerships, there are now barely 20,000. UAW employment rolls, reaching above
800,000 in their 1960s heyday, are now nearly half that much. And, despite
claims to the contrary in White House and Capitol Hill bailout chatter, the UAW
repeatedly has taken pay and benefits cuts to help the  companies stay in
business.

Continuously falling domestic market share did something else: It awakened a
sleeping product development and design giant.

GM and Ford, before the credit freeze knocked the bottom out of the U.S. car
market, were  regaining leadership in product design and innovation. The
Cadillac CTS, Chevrolet Malibu sedan and new Ford Flex are examples. Ditto GM's
much-copied OnStar mobile emergency communications system.

Chrysler was finding its way,  improving manufacturing efficiencies. But
Chrysler's problem --  not shared by GM and Ford -- was products, namely, not
enough small, snazzy cars. Unlike GM and Ford, Chrysler has a negligible
overseas operation, which means that it does not have the same kind of thick
product portfolio held by its U.S. rivals.

Today's GM and Ford are not yesterday's corporate horrors. Both are committed to
improving product quality and fuel efficiency. Both have a good chance to
survive and thrive. Both are positioned to take advantage of the shift in retail
focus from a mature North American market to potentially exploitable markets in
Asia, Eastern Europe and South America. Those regions are coming under pressure
to open up to U.S. exports and to countenance the presence of U.S.-owned
manufacturing facilities, just as the United States has long been open to them.

It thus makes sense for the United States to prop up its  automobile industry as
much as possible, at least until a better consumer credit environment revives
sales here and abroad. That way, the multibillion dollar bridge loan approved
for the industry yesterday likely will lead to more jobs.

But it won't necessarily lead to better pay.

The UAW's failure to organize  foreign rivals in America has undermined the
value of the union's employment agreements with Detroit. As long as workers at
nonunion companies receive lower pay than their counterparts at  UAW-represented
rivals, the union will be under pressure to make concessions at the bargaining
table.

The federal bailout loan agreement greatly increases that pressure. The money
will help the companies, which long ago began an aggressive restructuring of
their operations. But its terms of agreement mean that the UAW will have to live
with less, which means that nonunion workers  will be asked to live with the
same thing.

In that way, the automotive bailout loan is a lot like that money that helped
the banks, but  left many homeowners struggling under the weight of mortgages
they cannot afford.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Greg Baker -- Associated Press; The bailout loan will speed
up the restructuring and downsizing that automakers began 15 years ago.
IMAGE; By Madalyn Ruggiero -- Associated Press; Workers leave the Daimler
Chrysler North Assembly Jeep plant in Toledo, Ohio, after President Bush
approved $17.4 billion in emergency loans to beleaguered automakers.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             464 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 20, 2008 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 96 words


THE DEAL

$13.4 billion in loans to GM and Chrysler in December and January; $4 billion
more likely in February. Excludes Ford Motor.

SOURCE OF FUNDING

From the Troubled Asset Relief Program, contingent on Congress releasing the
second tranche of TARP funds.

MAIN CONTINGENCY

Companies must show that they're financially viable by March 31. If not, the
loans will be called and all funds must be returned.

OTHER CONDITIONS

Include reducing company debt by two-thirds and cutting wages and benefits to
levels comparable with those at foreign-owned auto factories in the United
States.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Virginia

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             465 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 20, 2008 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Ford, Others Still Must Negotiate Rough Road;
Automaker Skips U.S. Aid But May Benefit Indirectly

BYLINE: Sholnn Freeman; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 772 words


Ford Motor may have passed on the $17.4 billion auto bailout plan, but analysts
say the automaker is still fighting for its survival along with every other
company in the American auto industry.

At the end of September, Ford reported to Congress that it had about $30 billion
on hand, including $19 billion in cash and $11 billion of available credit
lines. But the cash-intensive operations of a car company means that money could
be quickly eaten up, analysts say.

"They don't have an endless supply of cash," said Pete Hastings, an analyst at
the investment banking firm Morgan Keegan. "If GM and Chrysler are in the
emergency room, Ford is in the waiting area next to go in."

Analysts said all companies building cars in the United States could face severe
financial pressure if the market stays weak. In the past few months, U.S.
vehicle sales have slipped to their lowest rates in 25 years. Economists blame
depressed home values and slumping consumer confidence.

Due to the steep decline in the market, Toyota this week suspended preparations
for a new Mississippi plant to build the gas-electric hybrid Prius. Toyota plans
to finish the building, but is holding off the installation of equipment on the
factory floor. In recent months, Toyota, Nissan Motor and other foreign-based
automakers have idled factories or slowed production lines in response to weak
demand.

As the one U.S. automaker not taking loan money, Ford will not be subjected to
the loan plan's strict provisions, like limiting executive pay and the use of
corporate jets. But analysts say Ford will likely seek to adopt other provisions
of the government agreement that binds General Motors and Chrysler.

Chief among those provisions will be any that deliver savings from cutting costs
associated with organized labor. In labor agreements, GM, Ford and Chrysler
generally try to adhere to the principle of "pattern bargaining" -- an aim to
keep pay and benefits at similar levels across the three companies.

But the plan announced yesterday could yield GM and Chrysler new savings from
labor costs. The plan calls for the companies to pay cash for only half of the
billions of dollars owed to the underfunded health-care plan for retired United
Auto Workers, with the remainder coming in the form of stock. The two automakers
might also reap savings from provisions in the plan that ask GM and Chrysler to
make work rules and wages competitive with foreign automakers, which are not
unionized.

"One of the questions here is do you think they will get the same benefits of
the labor contract that GM and Chrysler have," said David Cole, chairman of the
Center for Automotive Research. "My guess is they probably will."

Ford so far isn't talking about its next move. But executives across the
industry are calling for "shared sacrifice" among bondholders, dealers, labor
groups and suppliers. In a statement, Ford chief executive Alan Mulally said the
automaker would benefit from the government's cash injection.

"The U.S. auto industry is highly interdependent, and a failure of one of our
competitors would have a ripple effect that could jeopardize millions of jobs
and further damage the already weakened U.S. economy," Mulally said.

Foreign-based companies have also said they were worried that a collapse by one
of the Big Three could ricochet across the industrial sector, threatening the
financial stability of thousands of dealers and supplier companies.

In a statement, Toyota Motor said the well-being of the U.S. auto industry is
essential to the recovery of the economy. "Because the auto industry is highly
interconnected, it is in the best interests of all our stakeholders, including
consumers, to achieve industry stability soon," the statement said.

Ford's stockpile of billions in cash over the past couple of years gave the
automaker the financial strength to pass on the government loan funds. In 2006,
Ford amassed $18 billion in bank loans backed by company assets such as U.S.
assembly plants, its Swedish luxury brand Volvo and even the intellectual
property associated with its famed blue oval logo. At the time, Ford was viewed
as the Detroit automaker most likely to go under.

Historian Douglas Brinkley said Ford's decision to buck the government bailout
was a "dice-gamble." But he said it fit the contrarian streak of Ford history.

"A hundred years ago at a major world's fair there were 100 automobile companies
showing wares in St. Louis," Brinkley said. "Ninety-nine of those companies have
been abolished and only Ford has survived. They've done it by always being a
contrarian to what the other automakers at the moment are trying to do."

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Ford chief executive Alan Mulally says aid will help industry.
IMAGE; By Carlos Barria -- Reuters; Ford leveraged its rights in its logo to
help raise bank loans in 2006.
IMAGE; By Rebecca Cook -- Reuters; Auto mechanic Paul Cook works on a customer's
Ford Escape at a dealership in Warren, Mich., on Thursday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             466 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 18, 2008 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

Seeking a Ford in Our Future

BYLINE: George F. Will

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A25

LENGTH: 775 words

DATELINE: DEARBORN, Mich.


Designed by architects from Skidmore, Owings and Merrill, the Chicago firm that
created many icons of postwar modernism, Ford's headquarters building has the
sleek glass-and-steel minimalism that characterized up-to-date architecture in
the 1950s, when America was at the wheel of the world and even buildings seemed
streamlined for speed. Ford's building opened in 1956, a peak of American
confidence -- one year before Sputnik shook Americans' faith in their
technological supremacy and the Edsel shook their faith in the acumen of a
corporate America grown slothful from complacency.

Today the building is home to high anxiety. Yet CEO Alan Mulally, a boyish 63,
seems preternaturally pleased, in spite of his recent participation in
Congress's ritual pillorying of the leaders of the so-called Big Three auto
companies. Ford took a full measure of the abuse for the failures of "Detroit,"
while asking for none of the money urgently sought by General Motors and
Chrysler, a.k.a. the "Too Big One, and a Fraction."

Twenty-seven months ago, Mulally, who probably thought he had seen the worst
that events could throw at his business career, came to Ford from Boeing. There,
when civilian aviation became collateral damage of Sept. 11, he presided over
downsizing the work force from 127,000 to 52,000. One of his first moves at Ford
was one of the great gambles in U.S. business history: He borrowed $23.5
billion, most of it secured by almost all of Ford's assets, even the
intellectual property in the company's blue oval logo. Today, Mulally says "Ford
would have adequate short-term liquidity" even if throughout 2009, industry
sales levels were worse than in October 2008. That is why Ford is not asking
Congress for money. It is asking only for access to money if there should be
what Mulally delicately calls "a significant industry event."

By that he means GM filing for bankruptcy, which would, he believes, threaten
many of the nation's 3,000 parts manufacturers, which already are owed $13
billion from the three domestic companies. Ford uses 80 percent of the suppliers
GM and Chrysler use, and 25 percent of Ford's highest-volume dealers also own GM
and/or Chrysler dealerships. That is why Mulally appeared like a good soldier
before Congress with his GM and Chrysler counterparts as those two pleaded for
cash to avoid bankruptcy.

Mulally says bankruptcy, which has become almost routine for airlines, would be
fatal for a car company: Passengers will fly on an airline undergoing
reorganization in bankruptcy because their tickets are short-term transactions,
whereas customers cannot be confident that a car company in bankruptcy will be
around to honor its warranties years hence.

While Mulally was at Boeing, where he was responsible for developing what became
the very successful 777 aircraft, he brought to Seattle for consultation the
Ford team that had made the Taurus the best-selling car in America for five
years. The Taurus, however, became stale and was discontinued in October 2006
after being supplanted by Toyota's Camry.

It has, however, come back and is being revamped as part of plans to build all
the company's products on a few "platforms" -- powertrains, underpinnings,
suspension systems. Many of these platforms are currently used in cars that are
consistently profitable in the European, Asian and Latin American markets.

Having reduced its workforce 50 percent in three years, by February Ford will
have cut salaried personnel costs 40 percent. Most important, it is now on a
path to prune, soon, almost half of what have been 76 nameplates. Having shed
Aston Martin, Jaguar and Land Rover, it seems to be moving toward the sale of
Volvo and of what remains of its reduced investment in Mazda. Soon the company
will consist of Ford, Lincoln and -- perhaps -- Mercury, with consolidated
dealerships (currently 3,790, down from 4,396 three years ago).

Total industry sales in America this year -- about 10.5 million, down from 17
million in 2005 -- are, on a per capita basis, the lowest since World War II.
There is zero likelihood of industry sales sufficient for three U.S. companies
to share them profitably with "transplants" -- factories producing cars with
foreign nameplates. A 1979 bailout enabled Chrysler to survive to announce
yesterday a month-long sabbatical from manufacturing. It almost certainly will
not survive.

So the task of the proposed "car czar" -- silliness on stilts -- would be to
supervise the pruning of GM's nameplates and dealerships. Anyway, the most
qualified person for that ill-conceived and unenviable position already has a
more promising job, as Ford's CEO.

georgewill@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Bloomberg News; Alan Mulally on Capitol Hill this month.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             467 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 11, 2008 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. GZ12

LENGTH: 695 words

Information for Students On Board Membership

The Board of Education will host an informational meeting from 4:30 to 5:30 p.m.
Jan. 6 for high school students who are interested in becoming the 2009-10
student member of the board.

Current and former student members will share their experiences and answer
questions. Candidates must live in Montgomery County and be a sophomore or
junior at a county public high school.

The meeting will be in the board room at the Carver Educational Services Center,
850 Hungerford Dr., Rockville. For information, call 301-670-1419 or e-mail
Karen Crawford at karen_l_crawford@mcpsmd.org

Boards Have Openings For High School Students

The county Student Affairs Office is seeking high school students to serve on
two boards:

Â·The Montgomery County Regional Student Government Association Task Force on
Race and Social Issues. Meetings, scheduled throughout the year, are from 5 to
6:30 p.m. in the cafeteria of the Carver Educational Services Center, 850
Hungerford Dr., Rockville. For information, e-mail Brittney Johnson at
brittney_johnson@mcpsmd.org

Â· The new High School Assessment Implementation Team is seeking two high school
sophomore or junior members. To apply, e-mail Karen Crawford by Dec. 19 at
karen_l_crawford@mcpsmd.org Send your name, address, home and cellphone numbers,
e-mail address, school, grade and a statement of interest and ability to attend
meetings regularly.

For more information about the two groups, go to www.montgomeryschoolsmd.org and
search under "Opportunities."

Leadership Group Offers Summer Internships

The Congressional Hispanic Leadership Institute and Ford Motor Co. are seeking
Hispanic college students for the institute's leadership program.

Eight students will be chosen for the six-week internship, during which they
will live in the District and work with organizations and members of Congress to
learn how public policy is formed.

Past participants have included Sen. Mel Martinez (R-Fla.), Puerto Rico
Gov.-elect Luis G. FortuÃ±o, Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-Fla.), the
Inter-American Development Bank, the U.S. treasurer and the Organization of
American States. The internships run June 15 to July 24.

To be eligible, candidates:

Â· Must be U.S. citizens or legal permanent residents.

Â· Must be of Hispanic or Portuguese origin.

Â· Must be enrolled in an accredited four-year college or university or a
two-year community college.

Â· Must submit a completed application form, personal statement, legislative
analysis, rÃ©sumÃ©, two letters of recommendation and school transcripts.

Applications are due Feb. 20 and are available at http://www.chli.org. For
information, contact Yisel Cabrera at 202-347-8280 or ycabrera@chli.org

Montgomery College Has New Development Chief

Montgomery College President Brian K. Johnson recently named Bruce Berman to be
the college's vice president of institutional advancement.

Berman, who took over the post Nov. 24, oversees alumni relations, development,
marketing, public information and special events.

Berman has worked in higher education for more than 30 years, including as an
administrator at the Community College of Baltimore County and Seneca College of
Applied Arts and Technology in Toronto. He was most recently the vice president
for institutional advancement at the Community College of Baltimore County.

Berman has bachelor's and master's degrees in microbiology from the University
of Manitoba.

Blake Gospel Choir Performs at Festival

James Hubert Blake High School's gospel/multicultural choir, Revelations,
performed recently at a festival sponsored by the Urban Coalition of the
American Choral Directors Association at the New Bethel Baptist Church in the
District.

Revelations was the only high school choir to perform at the event, which was
organized around sharing music rather than competition. Other performing groups
included the Essence of Joy Alumni Singers from Penn State University, Sanctuary
Choir from First Baptist Church of Highland Park, Choral Cantigas, the Chamber
Singers from American University and the Heritage Signature Chorale.

The Revelations choir is directed by Blake teacher Johnathan Dunn.

-- Compiled by SARAH MARSTON

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Montgomery South

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             468 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 7, 2008 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Voodoo Economics;
Larry Ford, afinancial planner and shaman, is attempting a massive bailout of
Wall Street's soul, one troubled heart at a time

BYLINE: by Laura Blumenfeld

SECTION: MAGAZINE; Pg. W08

LENGTH: 6426 words


The full moon polishes Larry Ford's silver Mercedes. The car turns, glowing,
down an unlit road. Larry is a financial adviser, driving home from work on
another day of vanishing American retail sales, credit, stocks and jobs. Larry's
blond hair shines white in the alchemizing light. It is hard to distinguish the
tricks of the moon from what is real.

"How many people can explain what a credit default swap is?" Larry says. "You
call that real?"

Larry's pupils widen, jumping from his BlackBerry to a curve in the road. The
markets are "a dream based on greed," he says. Now, he has to guide his clients
through "the meltdown of the dream."

Larry parks his Mercedes at his nine-room colonial in Glastonbury, Conn., about
two hours north of New York City. He will leave for Manhattan tomorrow, for two
days of meetings. By 5 a.m., he is jostling the suit hangers in his closet,
pulling out a size 42-long, black, pin-striped Armani. He calls it "my New York
armor." He will wear it on Wall Street.

Down in the kitchen as the day breaks, Larry's fiancee, Yvette, is pouring oil
into a frying pan, scrambling eggs for their four children -- two his, two hers.
Larry's 14-year-old, Lexy, bounds downstairs. She looks like her dad:
long-limbed, thin and unassumingly striking, offering a smile that suggests you
are friends before you are.

"Got a test today?" Larry asks.

"Mmm, yeah." Lexy is looking down.

"Did you study good?"

"Gotta go! It's 6:50 -- "

Ohm mani padme hum, ohm mani padme hum . . .

From a room beyond the kitchen's granite countertops rises the sound of Tibetan
monks chanting.

Ohm ni padme hum . . .

The microwave beeps, releasing a puff of bacon steam. It clashes with the scent
of burning herbs, wafting from the direction of the chants of holy men. Ohm mani
. . .

The taped mantras and smoldering incense are unremarkable to Larry's kids, but
they startle their friends from school.

"They're like, 'What's that?' " says Yvette's daughter, Chancie, 15, who
straggles in. Her cheerleading teammates often pass the meditation room near the
foyer and see the eagle-beaked Garuda mask and the demon-slaying drum. Chancie
explains that Larry is a businessman. And he also is a shaman.

"They're like, 'What's a shaman?'" says Chancie. "A spiritual healer. They're
like: 'Awesome! That's so sick! I wish my dad was a healer.'"

Larry swallows his bacon and rubs his tired eyes, which change by the light of
day from gray to green to hazel.

"Go ace that quiz, okay?" Larry says, as the last of the four kids hurtles up
the driveway through the quiet morning air.

Larry neglects his Wall Street Journal and pads shoeless to the meditation room.
He knows his two identities seem to conflict: "One is about making money and
being in the boys' club. The other is this spiritual, weird junk." Recently, his
neighbor, a DEA agent, was walking his dog and saw Larry in front of his house,
wearing yak bone beads and burning sage. "The look was: I thought you were a
normal guy. We've had a beer together!"

Two lives, two jobs, have challenged Larry before, but now, in the midst of a
global financial crisis and Manhattan's existential meltdown, Larry's days whirl
like a Nepali prayer wheel. His business clients are shaken by the economic
chaos. His spiritual patrons are stunned. Everything they once held true is open
to doubt. What is real? Larry needs to know.

On this morning, before he leaves for his investment office, and then for New
York, Larry has a 7:30 shaman appointment with a couple at his house. He opens
his front door.

"That smell," sniffs Terri, 38, a stay-at-home mom, as she walks in.

"I work with sage. It kind of smells like pot. It cleanses the spirit," Larry
says, with a spacey smile. "It shakes off the business of the world."

"That's getting tougher and tougher," says Terri's husband, Brian, 39, a vice
president at The Hartford Financial Services Group, who asked that the couple's
last name not be used. Brian's broad chest strains against a white business
shirt. He has just checked stock quotes on Fidelity.com.

"I know, the level of fear," says Larry.

"It's massive," Brian says, in a boss's boulder voice.

"Your net worth down 30 percent. Four young kids and big bills."

This is the couple's first session. No advanced-class soul retrievals or blasts
of Larry's six-foot tin horn. They are giving this a try because Larry had
helped a terminally ill relative meditate. They are here, Larry says, to help
cope with "economic pressures." He turns them toward the window, facing east.

"Deep breath in, both of you," Larry says. "Peace in." He rubs eucalyptus oil
onto his palms and cups their faces, one at a time. "Inhale."

The ritual lasts an hour. Terri yields immediately. Brian seems to resist, his
chest out, his eyeballs darting beneath closed lids.

"Compassion is your word," Larry says, closing with a watchword for them to
keep.

"I don't think either one of us is gentle with ourselves," Terri responds.

"Or with each other," Brian says.

Larry gestures toward the door. But Brian doesn't move: "I have something else I
have to tell you."

Terri looks at her husband, at the man she knows as "a reserved, corporate guy."

"I'll try to tell you without crying," Brian says.

The rock voice of the vice president begins to disintegrate as he talks about
his father, who had been ill in 2005 with cancer, so ill that he had a brain
seizure and his heart stopped beating for a few minutes. The doctors revived
him.

Larry grips the executive's shoulders. Brian's lips are trembling. "My father
had always rushed around; he was always busy."

"He didn't believe in God. He was an engineer," Terri says. "He believed that
when you die, you die."

Brian's chin trembles. Terri says, "But his father had been there."

"He came back." After near-death. Brian's eyes fill with tears. His words grind
to powder, choking him. "He came back. And was able. To bring me messages."

Brian's father lived on for three more months. He shared his otherworldly wisdom
with his son. Brian heaves: "He gave me. A message. About what he saw."

Larry nods, as if he knows what's coming, as if he has seen it, too.

"I was a regular college guy," Larry says, reflecting on his life as he drives
to his office for a 9 a.m. investment client meeting, after the shaman session
with Brian. A sacred, multicolored bracelet, knotted during the full moon when
the Hindu gods are believed to visit the underworld, peeks out from the cuff of
Larry's blue Zegna shirt.

At the Connecticut office of Ford Financial Services, Larry meets Laurie Deane,
a retired lawyer, to discuss her portfolio. Larry is a registered representative
of Invest Financial, a financial services broker-dealer. Larry projects Laurie's
account summary onto a large screen on the office wall.

His dreamy, half-lidded expression is gone. His brow wrinkles, focused and
sober.

"Let's take a look at the ugliness," Larry says.

"After yesterday's market, I don't want to look," Laurie winces.

But by age 46, Larry has learned when to look and when not to. A decade ago, he
was married with two kids, two boats, two maids, two Mercedes, a swimming pool,
living in Connecticut across from a golf course and the Long Island Sound. In
1996, he was named "Member of the Honor Guard" for Travelers insurance
companies, and later, a "Top Ten Producer" for Tower Square Securities.

"You got a good life, Lar," his childhood friend Fred Wynne recalls telling
Larry, as they sat out drinking beer in Larry's stone hot tub, dubbed "the
boardroom." Larry, raised in a quiet Massachusetts town by a schoolteacher and
electrical engineer, loved the way his heart pounded on Wall Street and his
adrenaline surged when he clinched a deal.

Fred was right; Larry's life was good. Except for one problem.

"It felt like an illusion," Larry recalls.

Larry couldn't escape the feeling that the life he was leading was false. Ever
since a near-fatal car crash in ninth grade -- "I was in the passenger seat up
front, laughing and the tunes blaring. Next thing I knew, I was thrown under the
car . . . the stink of rubber, the screech, the front tire spinning right at me"
-- Larry had struggled to find the reason, the "higher purpose" for which he had
survived.

One evening, sitting on the edge of his bed at age 36, after a New York City day
of calculated handshakes, Larry looked down at his palms. They itched.

At first, there were red spots. By morning, they'd prickled to bumps. Over the
next several days, his palms blistered so badly, he says, that it hurt to hold
his briefcase. He pressed his flesh against the cool metal bars on the New York
subway, hoping to ease the strange, fizzing energy he says he felt. He tried
hydrocortisone, udder cream, an ice pack, hot water, and he sought advice from a
friend with eczema.

Larry had become a businessman who couldn't shake hands. A dermatologist might
have prescribed an ointment if Larry had asked, but Larry says that he sensed
his affliction was mystical rather than medical.

Then, weeks later, Larry was consulting an associate, "taller, suspenders, thin
hair, very serious," about leveraging technology to help brokers. They were
talking in a conference room, when Larry reached out, on impulse, and grabbed
the man's right thumb.

"I got a rush of feeling, a rush of his sadness," Larry says. "I pulled back a
little from his emotion rushing into me. The guy looked at his thumb and wiggled
it up and down. He said his thumb had been hurting him for years and -- it
didn't hurt anymore. He asked, 'What the hell did you just do?' "

Larry wasn't sure. He rode the evening train home from Grand Central Station,
slumped in a gray suit, his take-out sushi untouched, staring at his hands. For
the first time in more than a month, Larry says, his flesh felt relief. "I
thought, This is crazy; who the hell wants their hands to bubble up, and to
touch someone, and it gets better? But I couldn't dismiss it. This was my gift.
I made a deal with a higher power to do more healing work, and the bubbles would
go away."

The blisters disappeared over the next two weeks, he says, as he healed more
people. Henry, a wealthy neighbor, was so arthritic that he slept on the floor.
"His wife walked over and dragged poor Henry. He looked like a dog on a leash,"
Larry recalls. "She said, 'I don't know what it is that you do, but if you can
help Henry, please.' Poor Henry's standing two feet behind her, like, I'm not
going in with that freak."

Larry enrolled in a three-year course at the Institute for Healing Arts and
Sciences in Bloomfield, Conn. He studied physiology, psychology and energy
medicine. He tried a sweat lodge and quizzed his tai chi master about
cultivating his "life force."

After agonizing about uprooting his family, he decided in August 2003 to leave
the mainstream and the mainland, moving them to St. John in the Virgin Islands.
He gave away 50 neckties. ("I felt a surge of fear and joy . . . as I sorted
through each one; I had flashbacks of times I had worn them, and how hard I had
worked and how much energy I had spent making money.") A truck hauled off the
life-size dollhouse he'd built on the lawn for his daughter.

Larry's business mentor who had funded one of his consulting companies, Benedict
Silverman, recalls telling Larry, "I have seen self-destructive behavior in my
time, but this one takes the cake."

Before Larry left for St. John, he soaked in his stone hot tub with his friend
Fred until 3 a.m., chatting quietly. Larry described the healing energy in his
hands.

Fred recalls: "I'm thinking, How do you prove that, How do you know? But he's my
buddy. I was point guard; he was the forward on the high school basketball team.
I'm along for the ride." Squinting at Larry through the ripples of steam, "I'm
like, 'Is this really real?' "

It was, to Larry. The feeling "was like when your parents' car went over a big
drop in the road." In St. John, his marriage fell apart. His consulting business
withered because it was hard to keep clients from such a distance.

In 2005, he took a month-long trip to Nepal, where he and a group of shaman
students learned to invoke deities. He gave flower offerings at temples. He
drank curdled yak milk, waved away prostitutes, showered in yellow water and
used a bag of bricks for a pillow.

For days, he sat on the dank, cement floor in the home of a raven-eyed shaman
named Ama Bombo. Larry watched Ama Bombo chant over a girl in a lace dress who
was vomiting green bile, and grab the hair of an old man and kick away evil
spirits. Finally, it was his turn with Ama Bombo.

"I am blessed with good health," Larry recalls telling her. "I am here to ask
for power, so I can give back more in my life." Larry says Ama Bombo put her
pawlike hand on his head and proclaimed him a shaman. Kali, her god, would be
his god. She shook, sending tremors through his body.

Under the full moon, in the lunar Hindu month of Saun, following shamanic
tradition, Larry would undergo initiation. The Nepali tailors had trouble sewing
his white, priestly robe; they had never measured a 6-foot-2 shaman. Ama Bombo
tried to teach him the intricate hops of the shaman dance, but Larry had always
been the shuffling guy at the prom, hands in his pockets. She jumped and
shuddered, practicing with him on the rooftops, laughing at Larry.

"Dance, dance, dance, shaman, dance," Larry recalls the Nepali children cheering
on initiation night in the moonlight.

Larry danced, wearing a crown of peacock feathers on his head. His shaman dress
billowed, then grew heavy with sweat. Through muddy alleys and around temples,
bells jingling on his shoulders, he beat a drum down to the holy waters where he
hoped to gain new healing powers.

In the morning, Ama Bombo blessed a string of gnarled seeds. She gave the mala
beads to Larry and sent him off. He uses them to this day.

Last summer, Larry moved back to Connecticut with Yvette, whom he met in St.
John. He wanted their children to go to American schools and to live near
grandparents. With four children to help support, Larry is rebuilding his
investment business, his main source of income. Several times a week, Larry sees
shaman clients, who come to him through word of mouth. He charges $0 to $250 per
session, depending on their ability to pay.

He is negotiating increasingly complicated days. Recently, Larry drove to a New
Jersey insurance office for a shaman appointment with a business contact. Before
Larry got started, he let slip to the man's colleague, "I help people come into
their power and get through blocks in life." The colleague blanched and ushered
Larry to the exit, past brokers and agents in turmoil, Larry's brass chimes
clanking in his shaman bag.

And just yesterday, the two investment advisers with whom Larry shares office
space, Mike McCabe and Mike Nobile, learned about Larry's spiritual side.

"In my other life, I'm a shaman," he told the two Mikes.

Mike McCabe burst out laughing. He didn't believe him, McCabe recalls. McCabe
threw Larry a friendly guy-punch, which Larry evaded with a martial arts bow and
a friendly jab to a chest pressure point.

"I kinda knew something was going on," Mike Nobile says, over the harried voices
of analysts on CNBC. "He's eating salad at 10 a.m. He ruined my coffee machine
with his green tea bags."

Larry says he sometimes pats Nobile on the back: "I throw him some energy. He
looks at me like, What the heck? Now they're probably like: We've got a freakin
shaman in our building. What is he, gay, too?"

But to Laurie Deane, Larry's investment client at 9 this morning, Larry offers
assurances in a time of financial uncertainty. Peering through reading glasses,
Larry suggests ways to diversify her portfolio. Larry passes several forms to
her.

"Sign here," Larry says. "It basically means we're going to move your money
over."

Laurie signs and glances up, reluctantly, at her account summary projected on
the screen. Larry updates her retirement plan with current market values.

"We need to put in some numbers," he explains. His gaze is fixed. "So we can be
dealing with reality."

At 1 p.m., Larry is at the New Haven train station buying a business-class
ticket to Manhattan. A man in a brown trench coat runs up to the ticket window
and shoves in front of Larry.

"I need a train. I need it fast!" the man yells at the Amtrak agent. "New York!
Fast, fast!" The man sprints for the track.

"It is absolutely insane today," says the Amtrak agent rolling her eyes as she
prints Larry's ticket. Passengers are grabby, panicky. "The craziest morning
ever."

"Why do you think that is?" asks Larry.

"The moon," the ticket agent says. Last night the moon looked like a perfect
circle. "I've had enough." She pulls down the shade and shutters her window.

Maybe the full moon is making people crazy, Larry's seatmate suggests to him as
the train beats south. Or maybe, she says, it's the 401(k) statements she's been
throwing, unopened, in her drawer. They pile up in the dark, insisting on
existing.

Larry checks the Dow on his BlackBerry and leans back on his headrest,
considering the fear he has seen today: "Fear and greed is a reality -- not only
what drives the market, but what drives most of us in everyday life." It drives
people apart, he says, separates them. He thinks of Brian, the Hartford vice
president at the 7:30 shaman session this morning. Brian had called the fear
"massive."

But Brian had also spoken of something else, the message Brian's aerospace
engineer father had brought from the other side, after he'd flat-lined and then
revived. Brian recalls: "It wasn't like my father was crazy when he came back.
He was a man of science. He saw a different dimension and came back with hard
facts. He said, 'Boy, I was completely wrong.'" In the world beyond, Brian's
father had seen a different reality. Which reality is true?

Larry's train arrives in New York, where he hails a taxi in the light breeze. He
has a string of shaman appointments over the next two days. He rides to the
first one in Greenwich Village. The radio in the front seat announces, "On Wall
Street, another grim day," while the TV in the back seat blares, "The worst
economic crisis since the Great Depression."

Larry is on his cellphone, answering questions from an investment client, a
63-year-old widow: "It's okay, call any time. These are not normal times." He
takes out his Ama Bombo mala beads and winds them around his left wrist.

In the Village, in the high-ceilinged living room of Susan Powers, 66, Larry
unzips his black shaman bag. Susan, an elegant, silver-blond clinical
psychologist, collapses in a chair and moans:

"The pain, the pain."

"It's heavy," Larry says, weighing the city's mood.

"The terror," Susan says. She sees it in her therapy patients. "And it's
connected to people's childhood terror. People who had parents fighting over
money. People are re-traumatized by the crisis."

"I'm here to give you some of my good juice," Larry says, massaging her
shoulders. " 'Cause I know how much you give back to people." He lights cedar
twigs inside a coconut, holding the hot shell at the edges. "Stand up, and I'll
smudge you."

This is Susan's third session with Larry. Her first was at a spa in St. John.

"Let's do a little shaking," Larry says.

Susan exhales, flailing slender arms, creaking the hardwood floor.

"I carry a lot of people," the psychologist says. "With everything that's
happening, people just want to be safe." She emits a little cry.

"Let it out," says Larry. "Good, Susan. Let it go."

Susan sighs. "I'm thinking what it would feel like to not carry anyone around.
My last session: This woman was working through her financial insecurity. I kept
saying, 'You're safe. You're safe.' Safe is your deepest need. Deeper than
hunger. Deeper than thirst. Her parents would fight. Her father would walk out
of the room, and she thought it was the end. 'You're safe. You're safe.' "

As the psychologist talks, Larry raises a jeweled, silver-inlaid conch to the
side of her head. He brought it back from Nepal, he says, to consecrate space.
He puffs air through it, lightly.

"Visualize all the bad stuff coming out of your ears," he says. Larry's own ears
turn red with concentration.

Afterward, Susan smiles. "I feel," she says, "unburdened."

Larry scatters a pinch of uncooked rice on her windowsill. The window is cracked
open. It is an offering to the gods -- of all faiths.

"Some people would say I've absolutely lost my rocker," Larry says. (When his
business mentor Benedict Silverman found out recently about Larry's other
profession, he praised Larry's business acumen and then groused: "What the hell
is a shaman? Crazy voodoo doctor. In my world, we would call it flakiness. My
background is based in reality.")

"Clinically, people can say it's psychotic material," Susan tells Larry of his
shamanism. "But it's not. You have a gift. I deal with emotional healing; you
jump-start the spiritual."

Larry believes the true practitioners of self-deception, the suspenders of
disbelief, are Wall Street traders: "What is cuckoo, you tell me. My little yak
beads, helping people as a shaman? Or creating intricate financial vehicles to
perpetuate greed and corruption, and they're so distant from reality, they don't
even realize they're hurting people? They're caught up in their own paradigm."

The market is real because people believe in it, Larry says. As real, perhaps,
as the safety that Susan's patients are seeking. Or as unreal. A few years ago,
Susan's own "dark, dark sweetheart" daughter died of an overdose of heroin.

"We're all walking on air," Susan says, sadly. "You just have to be a good air
walker."

The breeze stirs through the opened window, crackling sidewalk leaves.

Tom McOsker, 25, is walking along the sidewalk, in the fading light and
gathering wind, his back knotted with tension. Make the rent. College debt.
Friend at Lehman Brothers fired.

It is 6:15 p.m. Tom is coming home from his second week at an asset management
firm, a job he cannot afford to lose. Before that, Tom was a financial analyst
and portfolio specialist at Morgan Stanley.

His mother, a fan of alternative medicine, thought Tom might benefit from seeing
a shaman. Tom figures it has to beat last night when he was stuck at his desk on
the 57th floor -- What am I doing? -- working late, glimpsing Brooklyn, back-lit
by the full moon.

Tom calls his girlfriend, Sarah Smith, 23, at their West Village apartment. He
met her six months ago, at a happy hour.

"I'll be home in 20 minutes," Tom says.

Larry has already arrived, unfurling his peacock feathers, unpacking healing
crystals in Tom and Sarah's minuscule, fourth-floor walk-up. The Yorkshire
terrier, Snickers, is sniffing Larry's leg.

"You're a little economic refugee," Sarah coos, rubbing Snickers's stomach. The
dog belongs to Tom's ex-girlfriend, a British citizen who lost her visa when she
was laid off by Goldman Sachs. "It's a bit awkward for me to take care of her
pet," Sarah says. It keeps the ex-girlfriend, now in England, in their lives.
"We use Skype on the computer; we put Snickers up, so they can bark at each
other."

Tom trudges through the door, his back aching.

"How was your day?" Larry asks.

"Long. Subway was packed." Tom swings into the tiny bathroom to splash his face.
"There's a reason they call it a depression."

All week, thanks to job anxiety, Tom has been fighting with his girlfriend. He
also skipped a gallery opening, passed on a guys' poker night and has stopped
calling friends.

Larry picks up his peacock feathers.

"I'm going to dust you, so all that stress, all that gunk goes away," Larry
says. "This is the chill zone. Man to man."

Sarah leaves for dinner at a neighborhood cafe. The two men sit cross-legged
opposite each other on the cramped living room floor. The lights are out. Tom
turns his face sideways, as if he doubts he wants to do this head on.

"I'm going to help you with my guy energy," Larry says, shifting into what he
calls "a different consciousness." Larry reaches out with his size-XL hands.
"Let the energy from my hands -- whatever that means -- move into your body."

In St. John, Larry kept a journal of his healing sessions. He wrote, in one
entry: "NYC hedge-fund guy, carries huge burden on his shoulders . . . As my
hands moved, he jumped and energy popped through his shoulders."

Larry grips Tom's shoulders. Tom squeezes his eyelids shut.

"I feel a greatness in you and a level of anxiousness," Larry whispers.

"I have a filing cabinet full of ideas," Tom says. "I'm working on a hedge-fund
idea."

"My gift to you is to teach you how to find peace," Larry whispers. "In your
world, it's all do, do, do. While everybody's doing, you can spend a few minutes
being."

This is the core of Larry's philosophy: to create "a life of purpose." The
spiritual goal is forming a perfect circle, like the full moon. Inside the
perfect circle there is "oneness, where everything is connected." It reminds
Larry of Brian, his earlier shaman client, and of the message Brian's father had
brought from the beyond. At first, Brian resisted his scientist father's change.
He had always been so logical, Brian recalls: "My father said, 'Sit down, and
listen to what I'm telling you.' I said, 'Dad, you're sick.' This was so
different than how he was usually was." But Brian's father was determined to
share what he saw.

"Be in the moment," Larry whispers to Tom. "It's a place totally not revered by
your tribe. The first step is to be still. It terrifies guys at work. If they
slowed down, they'd have a heart attack."

Tom fidgets. Snickers watches from the couch, crunching on a bone.

"Breathe slowly," Larry whispers. He guides Tom through 20 minutes of
meditation. "Hold this purple crystal in your hand. Carry it like the image of
your core rock power through all the backstabbing, all the attacking, to stay
connected."

He slides around behind Tom, and tips him forward. He pats Tom's back like a mom
firmly burping a baby.

Tom's eyes snap open.

"Your homework is to take this piece of energy to work," Larry says. "How did
that feel?"

Tom pauses. "Different." He stands up slowly, uncertain. "Waves of warm and then
really cool." Tom wonders, Is this real?

Many nights, especially when the rent is coming due, Tom and Sarah lie in their
bed in their little room. They light fat candles and dream out loud.

A big house on a beach.

A big kitchen.

A big yard.

A great big library.

Eight bedrooms.

A wine cellar.

A handyman.

A housekeeper named Helga.

Helga is Sarah's idea. "The ugliest matron name," she jokes. The dreams Tom and
Sarah kindle by candlelight keep them going.

"We're so sure we'll make it," Sarah believes. By believing, they will make
their dreams real.

Overnight, while Larry sleeps, the valet at the Helmsley Park Lane Hotel
steam-presses Larry's black Armani suit. At 9:30 a.m., with his BlackBerry in
one pocket, eucalyptus oil in the other, Larry meets a new shaman client named
Dave Rabe.

Larry's childhood basketball buddy, Fred Wynne, persuaded Dave to see a shaman.
Fred drove Dave in from New Jersey.

The three men are now looking out over Central Park, standing at the window in a
guest room on the hotel's 39th floor, admiring the Boathouse Cafe and the
Central Park Zoo. Cold air streams in around them.

"Futures are down," Larry says to Dave.

"I checked the price of oil," says Dave, 46, a health-care business owner. "Big
impact on shipping costs."

"Is your phone on stun?" Fred asks Dave.

"Yeah," Dave says. It's on vibrate. "So when my business goes under while I'm
here, I won't know about it."

Dave is wary of shamans. Will demons be involved? "I'm a committed Christian,"
Dave says. "This is not my world."

He eyes the crystals, chimes, ostrich feather and beads laid out on a table like
surgeon's tools. "Do I get a lollipop in the end?"

"If you're good," Larry says.

"Define good."

Larry begins by asking Dave to remove his belt, wallet and keys, and to stand,
legs spread, prison-style, so that Larry can pass burning sage between Dave's
legs. Dave looks down at Larry kneeling: "Talk about blowing smoke up your . .
."

Larry tells Dave to lie face-up on the bed, on a yellow spread printed with pink
flowers. A church bell in the street below chimes 10 a.m. Larry says: "Visualize
energy coming from God into your palms. Vibrancy." Gong. "Health." Gong.
"Peace." Gong.

Fred sits watching, no longer wondering -- "Is this real?" -- as he did in the
hot tub days. Since then, Fred's wife was diagnosed with leukemia. In the
hospital, Larry performed a healing ritual on her. She went into remission. Now
Fred is hoping that Dave will be blessed with remission. Last February, Dave, a
father of three, lost a kidney to cancer.

Larry bends over Dave. "You've got a double challenge," he says, "the economic
challenge and the health challenge." Dave has just completed chemotherapy.
Shamanism grates against his nature, but if believing in it might cure him, he
will try.

"Let your mind float, that this completely crazy wacko visualization could be
something real, that it could help your body," Larry says, drawing Dave into a
trance. "Fake it till you make it."

An hour and a half later, Dave sits up.

While in the trance, Dave had felt Larry brush his face with feathers. "What,
did I have a duck on my head?"

Larry pats Dave on the back. "God and the angels, you had the whole gang here,"
Larry says. "Drink a lot of liquids today."

Dave says he's feeling both strong and shaky. "Back to work," Dave says,
threading his belt through pant loops. "Back to reality."

But for Larry's 1 p.m. client, Joe Carroll, 52, a barefoot music producer
wearing a Miro T-shirt, it is the turmoil in the business world that seems
unreal. "I was at a reception with investment bankers," Joe says. "One guy just
bought a painting at Sotheby's. Another's building a house in Aspen. No one
said, 'I have to sell my boat.' Maybe it means the meltdown is all fake? It
isn't real."

Larry shamanizes Joe in his Upper West Side high-rise with windows opened to
drafts that hoot like spooks, "Wooo! Wooo!"

"It's time to clean out the damn fridge," Larry tells Joe, springing from the
den, leading Joe to the kitchen. Crosswinds slam the bedroom doors.

Joe's mother, who lived here, died earlier this year. Larry opens Joe's freezer
to a stack of plastic trays. Joe's mother had come to the shaman in a vision,
Larry says. She told Larry that Joe should throw away her old TV dinners.

"Time to let them go," Larry says, and then he leaves.

Visits from spirits are hard for Larry to explain, even to his fiancee. "You
mean, he just talked to you in your head?" Yvette asks, when Larry calls between
meetings and tells her that Brian's deceased father had been in the room with
them during the 7:30 a.m. shaman session. Larry explains it like this: "It's not
hearing or seeing. It's knowing."

As Larry dashes across Columbus Circle to his next appointment, his cellphone
buzzes. His assistant back in Connecticut left a message: "Larry, things are
crazy . . . Things are just falling apart . . . Get back to me right away."
Larry's stomach lurches as he dials his office. "Did I forget something?" he
wonders about the forms and filings to shift clients' funds. "Did we get Laurie
Deane's paperwork out?"

Larry answers investment client calls, bounding through traffic on Central Park
South. He weaves between black limousines and piles of horse droppings. "I'm
turning it off!" Larry promises, waving his BlackBerry at Annette Irving, 46, a
lively credit restoration expert and a former vice president at Wachovia Bank
who is wearing pink lipstick and a gray business suit.

Larry has a drive-by, 15-minute shaman session with Annette at Central Park and
Sixth Avenue, up against the park wall. The wall smells like urine. Tourist
cameras flash nearby. Annette has just come from a business strategy session
with a funeral home. "Encourage 'pre-planning' discounts," she told the funeral
directors. "Throw in prayer cards for free."

Standing close enough to whisper, over the groan of bus brakes, the whistle of
bellboys and the clop of horse hooves, Annette says to Larry, "My clients are in
crisis." They are defaulting on car loans and losing their homes.

"I have to be thoughtful, plan-oriented. I can't become rattled," she says. "But
I'm human. Can you feel my pulse? It's going chaw-chaw-chaw."

This is their second session. Larry knows what Annette needs. He wraps his red
Tibetan scarf across what he calls her "fertility zone."

"In the middle of all this hurriedness, let me get your back," Larry says, one
hand rubbing the base of her spine, the other holding her abdomen. In their last
session at a law office conference room, Annette told him about her wish to have
a son: "Business clock, tick, tick, tick. Have a baby, tick, tick, tick. So
rushed. Here come the gray hairs."

Larry leans in closer, whispers to her womb: "Fill this spot with life. Healthy,
beautiful, vibrant life."

"The ticking is getting louder and quicker and more insistent," Annette says.

And then the session ends. They're out of time.

It is late afternoon, and Larry is heading to Wall Street. He stops in Midtown
to see how Tom, the young businessman, is doing at work after last night's
shaman session. Tom waves and runs from his office building across Rockefeller
Plaza to Larry, the tall man by the skating rink in a pinstriped suit and yak
beads.

"Hectic?" Larry says. The wind is clanking the flagpoles.

"Crazy. Servicing clients. Trying to keep the money we have."

Tom has five minutes. Larry puts his hand on Tom's chest and gives him "a little
zap." Tom is feeling better today. He decided that "despite the crap going on
and the malaise in the city, I want to remind us how beautiful a place this is."
He has ordered a stretch limousine to collect his girlfriend at their tiny
walk-up. He's buying champagne. He's going to take Sarah for a sunset helicopter
ride tonight to celebrate six months together.

"Go get 'em!"Larry says, as Tom sprints back to his office.

Larry is feeling elated, all the way down through the greasy metal smell and
bumping elbows on the subway to the financial district. "In some small way,
maybe I can affect something," Larry says as he walks, buoyant, rounding the
corner to Wall Street.

Then, all at once, the pink of the sunset evaporates to gray. Wall Street is
shadowy, narrow and cold. The bluster knocks hopping sparrows off their feet.
Men and women in suits shrink into their collars.

"It feels like a cavern," Larry says weakly. "Just empty. Dark, panic."

At the corner of Wall and Broad streets, as evening falls, police officers in
flak jackets and black boots glower. Basiru Gbadamosi, whose business card reads
"Pastor and Prophet," shouts to the hurried, indifferent crowd: "People are
troubled! Especially here! People only think about money! The Holy Spirit is the
answer! Christ comforts!"

A few traders linger in front of the closed and barricaded New York Stock
Exchange. "At close, we're 400 off," a man says into his cellphone. "But listen,
I got a little bit of insight about a deal . . ."

Larry listens to the man and frowns: "Insider trading."

"I feel the separateness. Divisive," Larry says. "It's very sad." He sits down
on a cement bench and drops his shaman bag. He cannot heal this greed. His
power, he says, feels drained. The chill turns his nose red. "Isn't it nuts?"

Sitting beside him, Emily Keinz, 22, a passerby who works for an investment
company commiserates: "Everyone's separating. It's so cutthroat. Everybody's out
for themselves."

Maybe Brian's father was wrong. In his shaman session yesterday, the Hartford
vice president had said that his father discovered the truth about life when he
journeyed temporarily into the afterlife. His father said he saw people floating
-- his own parents, his mother-in-law and faces he'd never seen before -- who
greeted him, elated, loving and cheering. They were all connected.

"Everyone is connected," Brian's father had said. He saw it with his own
aerospace engineer's eyes. "It's your ability to understand this that will give
you peace. Everyone in your life comes in and out for a reason." Three months
later, the old scientist was back in the hospital. He held Brian in his arms one
last time. His 7-year-old grandson, whom he was especially close to, told him,
"Pa, it's okay." And he died.

He left his message: "We are all connected."

Larry would like this to be real. But he doesn't feel it here, facing the six
stone pillars and the Corinthian capitals of the stock exchange. He gets up to
leave, turning away.

As he turns toward the subway, he bumps into a stranger in a black business
suit. The man, Kerry Ancheta, 37, has just pressed "send" on his BlackBerry, an
e-mail to his money manager: "I want to review our strategy. Good time to review
where to invest." Kerry is walking home to his Broad Street apartment for dinner
with his wife. The kitchen window, on the 28th floor, directly faces the giant
American flag that drapes the facade of the exchange.

Kerry looks at Larry. Larry's red and orange shaman scarf is flapping in the
wind; his beads from Ama Bombo manacle his wrist.

"What do you do, talk people off the ledge?" Kerry says smiling.

"No, I'm a shaman."

"You going to bless me?"

Larry looks down.

"I need it," Kerry says.

"It feels a little heavy here," Larry says, shaking his head. The vibe is
negative, the energy bad.

But Kerry is still standing there smiling, quizzical.

Larry says tentatively, "Do you mind if I give you a little bit of juice?"

"I need some juice."

Larry closes his eyes, places his palm on Kerry's unfamiliar heart: "Feels like
you've got a lot to give back in this life, even with all this bad stuff
happening. Remember that, as you walk through all the heaviness."

Kerry says that when Larry touched his heart it felt, "electrical, strange."
Oddly, though, it is Larry who feels his power surge.

"Right here is the hope," Larry says brightening. "Here is a man --
open-hearted." An open heart! Living across from the New York Stock Exchange.
Larry claps Kerry on the shoulder. He opens his shaman bag and pulls out the
silver-inlaid conch.

"I use it to call on spirits," Larry says, lifting the shell.

Kerry's eyes widen, "Primitive."

The shaman brings the conch to his lips, takes a deep breath and blows three
times. Police officers jump. Commuters stare. The three magical blasts echo off
the financial district's walls. The trumpet of spiritual healing reverberates on
Wall Street.

Larry and Kerry laugh. And then, they hug. Two strangers in business suits,
sweaty from work and worry, connecting briefly under the rising moon.

Before they break the circle, Larry says, "Hey, man, pass it on."

Laura Blumenfeld is a staff writer for the Magazine. She can be reached at
blumenfeldl@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             469 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 4, 2008 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

Desperate Detroit;
The automakers have promised a new business model. Now Congress must insist that
they deliver.

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 604 words


THE WOLF is at the door. The day of reckoning has dawned. Whatever cliche you
choose, it is clear that two of the nation's Big Three automakers, General
Motors and Chrysler, are all but bankrupt and will have to make that status
official unless Congress lends them billions of dollars this month. Ford is in
better shape, but its chief executive, Alan R. Mulally, told The Post yesterday
that his company might have to declare bankruptcy if one of his competitors
does. No doubt a Big Three collapse would be disastrous for the economy; the
U.S. government should help prevent that if possible. All three companies have
downsized, cut costs, improved productivity and raised quality to a greater
extent than their critics sometimes recognize. Yet the question remains: Will
the automakers -- and their labor union partner, the United Auto Workers --
embrace the truly radical changes without which a federal bailout will simply
postpone the inevitable, and upon which any aid must therefore be strictly
conditioned?

Given the companies' presentations to Congress, and some UAW concessions
announced yesterday, the answer is: maybe. Ford argued, plausibly, that its
restructuring plans are ahead of GM's and Chrysler's, so it may only need a $6
billion backup line of credit, plus $5 billion in retooling loans from an
already-approved $25 billion federal fuel-economy program. Chrysler, meanwhile,
seeks $7 billion (on top of $6 billion in energy-retooling loans) to keep the
lights on through the new year; in the long term, though, it seems headed for a
merger, probably with a foreign competitor.

That leaves GM, the largest and most pivotal company. In return for up to $18
billion in aid, the company offers some changes long recommended by analysts:
trimming its duplicative brands and dealerships; renegotiating up to half of its
$66 billion debt; seeking further concessions from the UAW; slashing payroll.
But as drastic and painful as these steps would be,  they do not go far enough.
If GM does reduce its dealerships to 4,700 by 2012, as it promised yesterday, it
will still have almost four times as many as Toyota. It suggested going from
eight brands to five by unloading Hummer, Saab and Saturn, but it still plans to
keep 40 of today's 48 models. Disappointingly, but not surprisingly, the GM plan
contains no hint at a change in management; in contrast to Ford and Chrysler,
which are headed by newcomers, GM's top cadre has presided over years of
decline. GM's board might find that acceptable, but if taxpayers are going to
invest in GM, they are entitled to ask whether this is the right team to
revitalize the company.

As for the UAW, it pledged to "suspend" the notorious "jobs bank," which pays
laid-off workers nearly full wages and benefits, and to allow the Big Three to
defer payments to a union fund that is supposed to take over worker and retiree
health care by 2010. This, too, is a step in the right direction but not a big
enough one. The current collective bargaining agreement calls for the Big
Three's labor costs to match those of U.S.-based foreign automakers a year from
now. The union needs to help make that happen sooner.

The sad fact is that, no matter what the companies, union and federal government
do, the U.S.-owned automakers are in for very tough times. Thousands of jobs are
going to be lost, many never to return. And even with federal aid, one or more
of the companies may not make it. But if the Big Three and the UAW are to have
any chance of survival, there is no alternative to a swift and far-reaching
overhaul of their business. Congress must continue to insist on one.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             470 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 4, 2008 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Tar Heels Roll in Ford Field Trial Run

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E03

LENGTH: 606 words


Top-ranked North Carolina was impressive in what it hopes will be the first of
three games at Detroit's Ford Field.

Tyler Hansbrough scored the first basket of both halves and finished with 23
points and 11 rebounds, leading the Tar Heels to a 98-63 rout of No. 13 Michigan
State last night.

The Tar Heels (8-0) took control with an 11-3 run late in the first half, led by
14 points at halftime, then built a 30-plus-point cushion at the home of the
Detroit Lions and the 2009 Final Four.

The Spartans (4-2) started the season ranked sixth but lost a lot of luster with
an 18-point loss to Maryland last week. They scored in the final seconds,
narrowly avoiding the most lopsided defeat of Tom Izzo's career. Iowa beat
Michigan State by 36 in 1996 during Izzo's first season.

Â· PITTSBURGH 78, DUQUESNE 51: Sam Young scored 23 points and DeJuan Blair was
in control inside with 14 points and 17 rebounds, helping the No. 3 Panthers
overcome a sluggish start to defeat the city rival Dukes at home.

Jermaine Dixon scored 12 points as Pittsburgh improved to 8-0 for the seventh
consecutive season, using runs of 9-0 and 11-2 to begin pulling away after
Duquesne (4-2) led 20-19 with seven minutes left in the first half.

Known as the City Game, the once-intense rivalry between schools two miles apart
on the same city street has cooled off since Pitt moved into the Big East 26
years ago. The Panthers have won eight in a row and 27 of 30 in a series that
peaked in interest in the late 1970s when both belonged to the Eastern Eight.

Â· TENNESSEE 87, UNC ASHEVILLE 69: Tyler Smith had the first triple-double in
school history, helping the 10th-ranked Vols (6-1) romp over the visiting
Bulldogs (3-4).

Smith finished with 12 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists, helping Tennessee
give Coach Bruce Pearl career victory No. 400.

Smith, a 6-7 junior forward, got his 10th assist on Scotty Hopson's
three-pointer with 7 minutes 47 seconds left. A minute later, Smith got a
standing ovation when the feat was announced to the crowd.

Pearl, in his fourth season at Tennessee and 17th overall, joined legendary
company by winning his 400th after coaching 509 games. Only Adolph Rupp, Clair
Bee, Jerry Tarkanian, Roy Williams and Henry Iba reached the 400-victory plateau
in fewer games.

Â· XAVIER 81, AUBURN 74: B.J. Raymond scored a career-high 32 points, and the
No. 14 Musketeers gave Sean Miller his 100th victory as coach by winning at home
against the Tigers (3-4).

Xavier (7-0) matched the third-best start in its history and its best since
1996-97, when it won its first 10 for the school record.

Â· WAKE FOREST 83, INDIANA 58: James Johnson scored 15 of his 21 points in the
first half, and the No. 15 Demon Deacons (7-0) routed the Hoosiers (4-3) in
Winston-Salem, N.C.

L.D. Williams added 16 points for Wake Forest, which continued its best start
since Chris Paul's freshman year, when it opened with 11 straight wins.

Indiana native Jeff Teague scored all 14 of his points after halftime and
Al-Farouq Aminu finished with 12 for Wake Forest, which pushed its record in the
ACC-Big Ten Challenge to 8-1.

Â· SYRACUSE 88, CORNELL 78: Jonny Flynn had 24 points, Paul Harris added 21
points and nine rebounds, and the No. 16 Orange rallied to beat the visiting Big
Red.

Cornell (4-4) hasn't beaten Syracuse in 40 years, suffering 31 straight losses,
but the Big Red staged a game fight behind a career-high 33 points from Ryan
Wittman.

Syracuse (8-0) has displayed a penchant for poor play at the start of nearly
every game, having rallied twice from 13 points down to win, and this night was
no exception. The Orange trailed the entire first half, once by 16.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Paul Sancya -- Associated Press; North Carolina's Tyler
Hansbrough, left, finishes with 23 points and 11 rebounds against Michigan
State.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             471 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 4, 2008 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

UAW Offers Detroit Concessions;
Urging an Auto Bailout, Union Retreats on Terms Of Health Care, Jobs Bank

BYLINE: Steven Mufson; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 1284 words


An angry Ron Gettelfinger, president of the United Auto Workers, said yesterday
that his union was ready to make new concessions despite a landmark cost-cutting
labor contract signed just last year, as he urged Congress and the Bush
administration to step forward with a multibillion dollar rescue plan for
Detroit's beleaguered automakers.

The UAW, whose membership at the Big Three Detroit car manufacturers has dropped
by half in the past five years, said it would let General Motors, Ford and
Chrysler delay payments owed to a massive health-care fund for retired workers
and suspend a program that pays laid off workers for up to two years.

Gettelfinger made the new concessions reluctantly, complaining that the federal
government was stepping in to rescue financial institutions while letting the
car companies dangle near collapse. "I'm having a little problem myself
understanding why there's a double standard here," he told reporters after a
meeting of union leadership. "But we accept it and we'll play by those rules."

Despite the union's moves, the chances for a government bailout -- which GM and
Chrysler say they need before the end of the month to avert financial collapse
-- remained uncertain at best. Democratic leadership aides said prospects for
the $28 billion to $38 billion package sought by the companies were dim in the
House. Auto industry sources said that House members were being flooded with
mail from constituents opposed to federal help for the companies.

The White House, however, appeared to leave all possibilities open. Spokeswoman

Dana Perino said the administration, which has urged Congress to divert $25
billion in funds authorized last year to promote fuel efficiency, needed more
time to evaluate the plans.

"I think that to the American people, that giving $25 billion in taxpayer
dollars to a specific industry is generous," Perino said. "But these are very
serious times, and I'm sure the companies have spent a lot of time thinking
through what they think they will need."

The union's concessions came as top executives for the companies made the rounds
in Washington to rally support for a federal bailout of the auto industry.

During an interview at the Washington Post, Ford chief executive Alan R. Mulally
said he was pressing Congress for money even though his company currently does
not need federal help because if any of Ford's rivals collapsed, the pain would
spread to suppliers and Ford itself.

Mulally, who said he drove from Detroit in a hybrid Ford Escape, said he saw no
sign of improvement in the economy. He acknowledged that the automakers' public
pleas for help  are likely scaring off buyers.

"This conversation is hurting us," Mulally said.

The president of Chrysler, Jim Press, stopped at an auto dealership in New
Carrollton where dealers and local officials said the collapse of the automakers
would spread pain far beyond Detroit. "If we don't get these loans, and for some
reason we have to stop producing cars," Press said, "the dealers would have no
business. It's catastrophic."

"It's not just the dealer," said Tammy Darvish, vice president of the chain of
Darcars dealerships. "I have 233 local vendors that I do business with, and I
pay them combined over $83 million a year. You have oil guys, messenger services
who would be affected."

But lawmakers and analysts were still asking whether the three major U.S.
automakers had plans to become viable or whether they would end up asking for
even more money from taxpayers. A Goldman Sachs report issued yesterday took a
more pessimistic view of GM's international sales than the company and said that
GM might need even more than the $18 billion it  allowed for in its worst-case
scenario.

With cash shortages running so big, it was hard to see what could save the
companies other than federal aid.  Gregg Lemos-Stein, an auto expert at Standard
& Poor's, noted that GM's total annual interest payments on its debt came to
less than half the cash the company went through during the third quarter of
this year alone.

"The cash losses are so severe that debt reduction alone can't be the entire
solution," Lemos-Stein said.

Gettelfinger asserted that labor made up only 10 percent of the cost of a car.
"To be honest with you right now, if a UAW membership went into these facilities
and worked for nothing, according to our research department, it would not help
the companies that much," he said.

UAW members numbered fewer than 150,000 at GM, Ford and Chrysler, down from
about 300,000 five years ago, the union said.

Many critics of the auto industry have cited high labor costs. However, cutting
those costs were at the heart of the last two contracts. Yesterday, Ford's
Mulally called the 2007 UAW contract "transformational" because of the savings
it generates.

"The word concessions, I used to cringe at that word," Gettelfinger said in his
news conference yesterday. "But now, why hide from it? That's what we did."

According to Ford, by the time the contract expires in September 2011, hourly
labor costs, including wages and benefits, would be $58, just $4 an hour more
than foreign-owned companies with nonunion plants in the United States.

But that calculation assumed that the companies would be able to hire new
workers at lower wages and that these new hires would make up about 20 percent
of the companies' workforce. Because of the economic downturn, however, Ford
said it hasn't hired any new workers and that the differential was currently
about $9 an hour.

The 2007 contract also transferred the cost of retirees' health-care plans from
the auto companies to an independent trust known as a voluntary employee
beneficiary association, or VEBA.

The changes reduced the companies' liabilities for retiree health care by 50
percent, according to the UAW. In return, the companies promised to make huge
lump-sum payments into the trusts to cover much of the retirees' plans. Ford,
for instance, paid $2.7 billion into the VEBA in January. GM is due to make
about a payment of about $7 billion in 2010. The companies want to defer  future
payments, and there might be enough money in the trusts to allow them to do so
without affecting retiree benefits for some time.

While the UAW can delay VEBA payments and eliminate the Jobs Bank without a vote
of the membership, further concessions would require a vote.

"We recognize that going forward there's going to be a restructuring of the
companies and all the stakeholders are going to have to make sacrifices, and
we're prepared to do our part," said Alan Reuther, the union's Washington
legislative director. "But that path forward, as painful as it may be, is
preferable to bankruptcy, not only for our workers but also for the economy and
whole country."

Robert L. Shanks, a Ford vice president and controller, said that UAW
concessions on the program aiding laid off workers, known as the Jobs Bank,
would be helpful, but that Ford has only about 1,200 workers in the program,
which costs the company about $120 million. While that number is substantial, it
pales next to the $9 billion to $13 billion Ford said it might need if the
economy weakens.

For now, Mulally said, "We don't want to borrow any more money." He added that
if Ford were to need the full $13 billion, it was because the company faced a
worst-case scenario that assumed "depression-level economics."

Gettelfinger in Detroit said that neither the companies nor the unions were to
blame. "I want to stress that this issue is not brought on by the companies. It
certainly wasn't brought on by our union," he said. "We're just in a major
economic downturn that's rapidly spreading around the world."

Staff writers Kendra Marr and Thomas Heath contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Paul Sancya -- Associated Press; United Auto Workers
President Ron Gettelfinger said: "The word concessions, I used to cringe at that
word. But now, why hide from it? That's what we did."
IMAGE; By Lois Raimondo -- The Washington Post; Chrysler president Jim Press
said "The solution is product. We need money to make that happen." Chrysler and
GM say they need a bailout to avoid collapse.
IMAGE; By Susan Biddle -- The Washington Post; Ford CEO Alan Mulally, shown
outside the Washington Post, said the automakers' public pleas for help are
probably scaring off buyers. "This conversation is hurting us," he said.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             472 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 3, 2008 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

For Detroit's Auto Chiefs, a Road Trip to Contrition

BYLINE: Frank Ahrens; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 411 words


In the category of "okay, now we get it," the chief executives  of  Detroit's
Big Three are driving to Washington to ask Congress for money, instead of taking
private jets like they did last time. Which turned out to be a public relations
disaster.

Ford chief executive Alan R. Mulally, GM chief executive G. Richard Wagoner Jr.
and Chrysler chief executive Robert L. Nardelli are set to testify before a
Senate panel  Thursday and a House panel  Friday. They are asking for  billions
of dollars in a government loan that they say they need to stay in business and
avoid bankruptcy.

All automakers, but especially Detroit's Big Three, are getting hammered by the
downturn and credit crunch: There is little appetite for  new cars and  people
who want to buy them   can't get loans on  favorable terms.

The  three executives came hat-in-hand to Washington two weeks ago, each on
private corporate jets, and were mercilessly harangued by members of Congress.
Rep. Gary L. Ackerman (D-N.Y.) said the spectacle was "like seeing a guy show up
at the soup kitchen in high hat and tuxedo."

The executives were turned away by Congress and told to explain exactly how they
would spend the bailout money.

So yesterday, the three chiefs submitted plans to Congress and began the
520-mile drive to Washington. Ford was the first to announce its intentions,
then GM and finally last night, Chrysler said it would join what promises to be
one of the most bizarre roadtrips since the Griswolds hit the highway in
"National Lampoon's Vacation."

Wagoner is driving a Chevrolet Malibu hybrid sedan (34 mpg highway,  $26,225
MSRP).

Mulally is driving a Ford Escape hybrid SUV (31  mpg, starting at $29,305).

Chrysler would say only that Nardelli is driving a "fuel-efficient hybrid." One
possibility: Chrysler makes the Aspen SUV (19 mpg,  $33,705).

Levity aside, top corporate executives often are compelled by their boards of
directors to take private jets when flying for personal security reasons. Chief
executives are valuable to their companies and their injury or death could crush
a company's  share price.

Further, it's statistically much more dangerous to drive to Washington  than  to
fly.

But Wagoner, Mulally and Nardelli know they have to take the risk if they are to
have any hope of getting government help.

And if there's any irony to this whole episode -- and there's plenty -- it's
that before taking over Ford in 2006, Mulally was a top executive at Boeing,
which makes jets.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Gerald Herbert -- Associated Press; Detroit chief executives
Alan Mulally of Ford, Robert Nardelli of Chrysler and G. Richard Wagoner Jr. of
GM arrived in private jets in November when they first sought a bailout. This
time, they will drive.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             473 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 3, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Detroit's Promises

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 68 words


GM, Ford and Chrysler proposed the following in return for a federal lifeline.

Â· Trim product lines: GM may part with Hummer, Saab and Saturn brands. Ford may
put Volvo up for sale.

Â· Give up corporate aircraft at GM and Ford.

Â· Suspend dividends.

Â·  Limit executive pay: CEOs would collect no more than $1 a year in salary.

Â· Shift vehicle offerings to include more hybrids and other fuel-efficient
technologies.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             474 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 3, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Auto Giants Ratchet Up Pleas for Aid;
As Sales Hit 25-Year Low, Companies Pledge to Unload Brands and Slash Costs

BYLINE: Kendra Marr and Steven Mufson; Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1331 words


General Motors, an icon of American manufacturing and the world's largest
automaker, yesterday threw itself at the mercy of Congress, saying it needed $4
billion to avert a cash crisis by the end of the month and as much as $18
billion in federal loans over the next year.

GM and its U.S. rivals Chrysler and Ford all pleaded for government loans,
promising in return to use the opportunity to slash costs, jettison brands,
restructure their finances and speed the introduction of fuel-efficient vehicles
widely considered crucial to their future.

Together the three auto giants sought at least $28 billion and as much as $38
billion in government assistance, more than the $25 billion they requested just
two weeks ago. Battered by the lowest car sales in a quarter century and tight
credit conditions, the companies said they needed the money just to survive the
next year.

"There is no plan B," said Fritz Henderson, GM's president and chief operating
officer.

It was a humble moment for the three auto behemoths, which once were synonymous
with American ingenuity and industrial might. Over the past three decades, they
have lost ground to more agile foreign rivals that favored smaller cars built by
non-unionized labor at lower wages.

This year the combination of high fuel prices and the paralysis in the credit
markets has brought the U.S. companies to the brink. Chrysler yesterday sought
$7 billion by the end of the month. Ford, which is in stronger financial
condition, asked Congress to set aside as much as $13 billion to help the
company if the economic downturn deepens.

The companies presented their plans yesterday, a deadline set by Congress, but
there was no guarantee that wary lawmakers would agree to pump taxpayer money
into firms that might not be financially viable.

House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) said yesterday that Congress would not
adopt a loan package for the automakers unless the ailing giants presented "a
new business model, a new business plan" that was "worthy of the support that
the taxpayers will invest in it."

But she also said that "bankruptcy is not an option" and predicted that either
Congress or the Bush administration would intervene to prevent a collapse of the
industry. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) told reporters he expects
to call the Senate back into session early next week with the aim of passing a
bill by next Friday.

The chief executives of the three companies all seemed mindful of the drubbing
they took two weeks ago when they sought taxpayer assistance. Excoriated for
traveling by corporate jets to testify in Washington, all said they would make
the 500-mile return trip by car this week for the new round of hearings. Ford
and GM even said they would part with the aircraft permanently.

Ford chief executive Alan R. Mulally and GM chief executive G. Richard Wagoner
Jr. also offered to cut their salaries to $1 a year if the government provides
aid. Chrysler already pays chief executive Robert L. Nardelli that sum in
salary. GM said it would also roll back other executives' pay.

The magnitude of the crisis, as portrayed by the companies, is daunting. Though
the three companies described a dire situation two weeks ago, the situation
seems even more grave now. GM said will need $12 billion by late March to keep
operating. If the recession drags on, it might ultimately need up to $18
billion.

Although many critics say the companies should be allowed to go bankrupt, Ford,
GM and Chrysler have argued that bankruptcy filings would hurt suppliers, cause
massive job losses and drive customers to rival car companies.

"The plan is intended to achieve what would otherwise be achieved in a
bankruptcy filing by a negotiated route," GM's Henderson said.

GM said it would sell its Saab division and begin discussions with Saturn
dealers to fold or sell the brand. It said it would concentrate on four of its
brands -- Chevrolet, Cadillac, GMC and Buick. Pontiac will become a niche brand.
It also proposed an oversight board to protect taxpayer interests.

The restructuring plan would lead to widespread job losses. The company said
that by 2012 it would reduce its network of dealers to about 4,700 from 6,450.
By 2012, it would also close nine manufacturing facilities and reduce the number
of workers by at least 20,000.

The United Auto Workers will meet today with delegates of the three automakers
"to discuss the auto crisis," UAW spokesman Roger Kerson said.

The companies were also expected to be negotiating with bankers about how to
reduce debt and slash interest payments, most likely by pressing bond holders to
convert their holdings to equity.

Chrysler's business plan, about half the size of its cross-town rivals, argued
that bankruptcy would be even more costly. It said that $17 billion to $20
billion in financing that would be required to sustain Chrysler for one year in
Chapter 11, the part of the bankruptcy code that allows firms to continue
operations.

Because the company is owned by the private-equity firm Cerberus, the size of
Chrysler's request is likely to  prompt extra questions from lawmakers.  In
addition, the company recently  had pressed for a merger with GM, arguing that
the combined firm would be stronger after eliminating overlapping costs.

While GM and Chrysler emphasized their immediate cash needs, Ford said it was
financially prepared to weather this storm. Barring a bankruptcy by one of its
domestic competitors or a more severe downturn, Ford said, it does not
anticipate a liquidity crisis in 2009.

Nevertheless, it too asked for federal money to be set aside just in case. Ford
requested up to $9 billion in financing and said that could rise to $13 billion
if economic conditions worsen. It hoped to return to financial stability, or
even profitability, by 2011.

The company also said it would invest about $14 billion in the United States on
advanced technologies to improve vehicle fuel efficiency over the next seven
years. And it provided initial details of a plan to build a family of hybrids,
plug-in hybrids and battery-powered vehicles. The all-electric vehicles would
include a van for commercial fleet use in 2010 and a sedan in 2011.

In addition, Ford said it would explore the possible sale of its Sweden-based
Volvo brand.

"For Ford, government loans would serve as a critical backstop or safeguard
against worsening conditions, as we drive transformational change in our
company," Mulally said in a statement.

Using its 2005 fleet as a baseline, Ford vowed to improve the fuel economy of
its vehicles by an average of 14 percent for 2009 models, 26 percent for 2012
models and 36 percent for 2015 models.

It also planned to reduce its dealer and supplier base. By the end of the year,
the company said it would have 3,790 U.S. dealers, 14 percent fewer than it had
at the end of 2005.

The automakers' pleas coincided with grim new sales figures, the lowest in 25
years. GM's November sales dropped 41 percent, while Ford's slid 30 percent.
Chrysler's sales eroded 47 percent from the same month last year.

Both GM and Ford said their expectations of profitability were based on a
partial recovery in U.S. auto sales.

The urgent appeals set up a political drama in the waning days of the Bush
administration. The administration has urged Congress to redirect funds from a
$25 billion loan program to help automakers retool factories and develop
fuel-efficient technologies.

But Pelosi and others have urged the administration to tap the $700 billion
bailout established to deal with the financial crisis -- a move rejected by the
administration.

The automakers say they are counting on money from both the rescue and retooling
programs.

In its pitch, GM "acknowledges that it has made mistakes in the past," but it
argued that "the company would not require Government assistance were it not for
the dramatic collapse of the U.S. economy, which has devastated the company's
current revenues and liquidity."

Staff writer Lori Montgomery contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             475 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 30, 2008 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

'Spunk' Helps Overcome Penny Pinching

BYLINE: Warren Brown; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 670 words


Somewhere between birth and what is now the possible demise of the domestic
automobile industry, "American" became a bad word.

There is little doubt that the industry had much to do with this transformation.
It has a way of snatching mediocrity from exceptionality. Need proof? Look at
this week's subject vehicle, the 2009 Ford Focus SES coupe.

It is one of the best subcompact cars sold in the United States. But why isn't
it the best? Check out its braking system, which employs exceptionally good disc
brakes up front and more-mediocre-than-thou drum brakes in the rear.

It is the kind of self-defeating, cost-cutting craziness that Ford and its
Detroit siblings have engaged in too often -- saving a few pennies on production
costs here and there, only to wind up having to market otherwise excellent
vehicles with steep, money-losing discounts.

The good news is that domestic automobile manufacturers nowadays do much less of
that kind of thing. They are long removed from the really bad old days when,
corrupted by success unchallenged by foreign rivals, they became fat and
careless, more interested in pleasing Wall Street than in building quality cars
and trucks and, thus, abusive of the faith of loyal consumers.

That was Old Detroit. It hasn't been around for nearly 15 years. But reality has
a hard time catching up with perception, especially when the latter is
occasionally fueled by avoidable gaffes, such as mating less-effective drum
brakes with more-effective discs to save some money in production.

It is the kind of thing that opens the domestics to unfair ridicule, obscuring
the many good things they have done and are doing, casting a long shadow over
New Detroit, which is genuinely, almost religiously dedicated to product
innovation and improvement.

The front-wheel-drive Focus SES coupe, for example, can be used to demonstrate
progress, too. Overall vehicle construction is solid. Fit and finish are
excellent. Interior materials, although not the best in the business (an honor
that goes to Volkswagen and Audi), most certainly are better than they've ever
been.

It's also a joy to drive. "It's got spunk," said my associate, Ria Manglapus.
It's wonderfully agile in city traffic. It's a willing fellow traveler on
high-speed highways. And it has a modest appetite for regular unladed gasoline,
consuming it at the rate of 24 miles per gallon in the city and 35 miles per
gallon on the highway.

Detroit's critics -- and there are more than a few these days when Ford, General
Motors and Chrysler are coming to Washington beseeching emergency federal
financial assistance -- are fond of accusing the domestic industry of being a
laggard in innovation. It is a bogus charge, born of ignorance.

General Motors, for example, working through its OnStar subsidiary, pioneered a
mobile emergency communications system that is the envy of the global automobile
industry. More than that, it has saved several thousand lives and helped federal
emergency management officials track vehicle traffic flows out of disaster
areas. Now comes Ford with its Microsoft/Sync infotainment/emergency
communications system, which allows drivers to use to control a variety of
entertainment, telephone and emergency contact devices with their voice alone.
It is simple, intuitive. It works exceptionally well and adds value to any Ford
vehicle in which it is installed.

Here's hoping that the domestic automobile companies weather the financial
storm, largely brought on by financial institutions that mistook the concept of
the Ponzi scheme as valid, ethical economic policy.

The domestic car companies have done much less harm and arguably much more good
than that. They have been responsive to consumer demand, which means that Ford
will get rid of drum brakes in the Focus SES and other cars as soon as it
understands that consumers don't mind paying extra for something that is
demonstrably better.

ON WHEELS WITH WARREN BROWN Listen from noon to 1 p.m. Tuesdays on WMET World
Radio (1160 AM) or http://www.wmet1160.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             476 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 30, 2008 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Nuts & Bolts;
2009 Ford Focus SES coupe

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 356 words


Complaints: Those drum brakes! They prevent the Focus SES from being best. Also,
I'm willing to bet that if Ford used VW/Audi-quality interior materials, Ford
consumers would not mind paying for them.

Ride, acceleration and handling: The car has the personality of a very likable
four-wheel scooter. It handles well in city traffic. Acceleration is fast enough
to get you a ticket on the highway.

Head-turning quotient: Ford's designers have given this one a little jazz,
nicely restyling the front fascia and giving the rear something approaching
funk.

Body style/layout: The Ford Focus is a front-engine, front-wheel-drive economy
compact available as a coupe or a sedan. The coupe comes in two trim levels --
base SE and upscale SES. The sedan comes in four -- S, SE, SES and SEL.

Engine/transmission: There is one engine for all Focus models -- a 2-liter,
inline four-cylinder, 16-valve engine that develops 140 horsepower at 6,000 RPM
and 136 foot-pounds of torque at 4,250 RPM. The tested SES coupe had a
five-speed manual transmission. A four-speed automatic with overdrive is
available.

Capacities: There are seats for five people. Cargo capacity is 13.8 cubic feet.
The fuel tank holds 13.5 gallons of regular unleaded.

Mileage: The federal mileage ratings of 24 miles per gallon in the city and 35
miles per gallon on the highway were on the mark.

Safety: Ford gets a raspberry here for making antilock brakes optional. It gets
another for rear drum brakes and yet another for making electronic stability
control optional. And, what the heck, another for not offering electronic
traction control on this model. Side and head air bags are standard.

Price: The base price on the 2009 Ford Focus SES coupe is $17,570. Dealer's
invoice price on that model is $16,284. Price as tested is $21,130, including
$2,865 in options and a $695 destination charge. Dealer's price as tested is
$19,471. There is a $1,000 rebate on this one. Prices are sourced from Ford,
Edmunds.com and Cars.com, an affiliate of The Washington Post.

Purse-strings note: You can bargain on the Focus -- a good little car surrounded
by worthy but pricier competitors.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             477 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 30, 2008 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Government Moves Rally Stocks

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F06

LENGTH: 388 words


U.S. stocks staged the biggest weekly rally in more than 30 years after the
government agreed to protect Citigroup from more losses and automakers weighed
cutting costs to win government aid.

Citigroup doubled on the government's plan to insure $306 billion in toxic
assets owned by the bank, helping push financial companies in Standard & Poor's
500-stock index to a record 31 percent advance. General Motors soared 71 percent
as the company considered selling some U.S. brands. Ford Motor jumped 88
percent.

The S&P 500 rose 12 percent to 896.24 for the steepest weekly gain since 1974.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average increased 782.62 points, or 9.7 percent, to
8,829.04. The Nasdaq gained 10.9 percent to 1,535.57. The Russell 2000 index of
small-cap stocks climbed 16 percent to 473.14.

Stocks also were encouraged by the Federal Reserve's stepped-up efforts to
unfreeze credit markets and President-elect Barack Obama's selection of a team
of financial and economic advisers, including former Federal Reserve chairman
Paul Volcker. U.S. exchanges were closed on Nov. 27 for the Thanksgiving
holiday.

The gains end a three-week slump in the S&P 500 driven by concern about a
collapse in the U.S. auto industry and profit reports that showed the recession
intensifying. The stock benchmark is still down 39 percent this year, the worst
performance since 1931.

Citigroup, the second-biggest U.S. bank by assets, rose 120 percent. A 60
percent plunge in the company's stock price the previous week pushed regulators
to stabilize the bank by injecting $20 billion and agreeing to cover losses
related to its troubled assets. The government gets preferred shares and
warrants equivalent to a 4.5 percent stake in Citigroup in exchange for the
deal.

J.P. Morgan Chase, Bank of America and Goldman Sachs surged more than 39 percent
each.

GM had the biggest gain in at least 28 years. The largest U.S. automaker is
considering shedding its Saturn, Saab and Pontiac brands, according to people
familiar with the matter.

Sears Holdings and Staples are among companies scheduled to report earnings this
week.

The Treasury will auction $28 billion of three-month bills and $28 billion of
six-month bills on Monday. They yielded 0.15 percent and 0.55 percent,
respectively, in when-issued trading. The Treasury will sell one-month bills
Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             478 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 29, 2008 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Wall St. Extends Holiday Rally;
Auto Shares Surge On Bailout Hopes

BYLINE: Heather Landy; Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 578 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK, Nov. 28


A late surge in a shortened trading session pushed stocks higher Friday,
extending a rally that left the Dow Jones industrial average 9.7 percent higher
for the week.

The blue-chip index climbed 1 percent, or 102.43 points, to close at 8829.04.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500-stock index climbed 1 percent, or 8.56 points,
to 896.24, while the technology-heavy Nasdaq composite index rose 0.2 percent,
or 3.47 points, to 1535.57.

Auto stocks were among the biggest gainers as investors predicted that Detroit's
Big Three would pledge new rounds of cost cuts when they go before Congress next
week to ask again for federal aid. Ford Motor shares jumped 25 percent, or 54
cents, to $2.69, while General Motors rose 9 percent, or 43 cents, to $5.24.

Citigroup shares rose nearly 18 percent, or $1.24, to $8.29. The stock has more
than doubled in value since the bank received government help in a bailout
package that came together at the start of the week, but shares are still down
almost 72 percent this year.

Other gainers Friday included General Electric, Bank of America and Caterpillar.

"It's impossible to know whether we're on the way up from here, but it kind of
feels like we've been going through a bottoming-out process," said Robert
Millen, a portfolio manager with Jensen Investment Management.

"Most of the bad news should be priced into the market, and now you've got this
extraordinary stimulus package coming and an extraordinary amount of liquidity
that's been pumped into the banking system, and that should all be positive," he
said.

More than two-thirds of the Dow's components finished higher in the session,
which ended at 1 p.m. for the Thanksgiving holiday weekend.

Meanwhile, a broad-based rally in technology stocks helped the Nasdaq recover
from declines suffered earlier in the day.

"A lot of great tech stocks have had their prices beaten down so far that
they're just very attractive right now," Millen said. "I think there's still
concern about the amount of tech spending that will go on, but you can only
delay that so often, and for most businesses there's a pretty nice payback to
investing in technology."

Concerns about the rippling effects of a deep recession were still front and
center in the energy markets. Amid signs of slowing demand by industrial users,
natural gas futures contracts fell 5.4 percent on the New York Mercantile
Exchange, while crude oil for January delivery dropped a fraction of a percent
to $54.43 a barrel.

The slump in prices pushed down shares of energy companies, including Hess,
Southwestern Energy, Pioneer Natural Resources, EOG Resources and XTO Energy.

Chesapeake Energy was the biggest decliner in the S&P, after the Oklahoma
City-based natural gas producer said it may sell $1 billion of stock to finance
exploration and other projects, and could sell additional stock to raise money
for acquisitions. Chesapeake shares fell 15 percent, or $3.06, to $17.18.

Shares of home builders also fell, with D.R. Horton down 9 percent, or 65 cents
to $6.87, and Centex off by 1.4 percent, or 13 cents, to $9.16.

Dun & Bradstreet, the business information provider, got a boost after S&P
announced it would add the company to the benchmark S&P 500 on Dec. 2. Dun &
Bradstreet shares jumped nearly 5 percent, or $3.48, to $80.

Shares of apparel maker Liz Claiborne, which will be removed from the index,
rose 2 percent, or 5 cents, to $2.85 as the stock rebounded from a 20 percent
plunge at the opening of the session.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             479 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 20, 2008 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Ford Family Fortune Takes Hits with Firm;
Controlling Shares Down 96% in Past Decade

BYLINE: Steven Mufson; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 760 words


The Ford family is paying a heavy price to maintain its controlling stake in the
automaker. In less than seven months, the family has lost $533 million on the
special shares that give it 40 percent of the voting rights in the company.

Its holdings in those shares are now worth about $89 million, down from more
than $2.5 billion less than a decade ago.

Through a combination of trusts, the founding family owns 70.85 million Class B
shares, but if it were to sell off a modest number of that stake, its voting
rights would drop to 30 percent under rules established when the company went
public in 1956.

Some Ford family members have taken additional financial hits through their
holdings of ordinary common stock. According to the most recent disclosures
posted by Bloomberg data services, William Clay Ford Jr. holds 5.2 million
shares and Edsel B. Ford II owns 2.7 million shares. Their common stock holdings
have lost $39 million and $20.3 million in value respectively since May.

William Ford sold about 1 million shares on Sept. 18 for $5 a share, four times
what the stock closed at yesterday.

The financial setbacks for the Ford family contrast with the relative financial
savvy the company showed two years ago. When Ford Motor mortgaged virtually the
entire company -- down to its blue oval trademark -- to raise $23 billion in
late 2006, many analysts took it as a sign of weakness. General Motors, by
contrast, decided at that time that it had enough cash to see its way through a
changing automobile market.

Two years later, that could make the difference between life and death for
America's two biggest automakers. Ford Motor, while ailing, is not as desperate
as GM for a government cash infusion. It says that it can survive 2009 and hope
that better times, new products and better labor terms will kick in in 2010. GM
said its cash could run out early next year without federal help.

"From an operational perspective, Ford is actually not in that much better
straits," J.P. Morgan Chase analyst Himanshu Patel said in a report. "The key
difference . . . is that Ford wisely mortgaged the near-entirety of its assets
in late 2006 . . . GM, by contrast, has its most valuable assets still
un-pledged but is unable to borrow against them in today's credit market."

If Congress provides a new $25 billion loan package for the Big Three U.S.
automakers, GM said it would probably seek $10 billion to $12 billion, roughly
commensurate with its share of the market. But, "each of us will be in a
different situation," Ford chief executive Alan R. Mulally told the Senate
Banking Committee on Tuesday. "How much [Ford Motor] would actually draw would
be dependent on the situation and what happens in the economy, but we're not
asking for a lot of money right now."

Ford Motor is generally in better condition to survive the onslaught of credit
problems and sagging sales because of its financial decisions, not its car
designs.

Mulally, in testimony prepared for a House hearing yesterday, pointed to the
company's 2006 loan package, the sale of Aston Martin, Jaguar and Land Rover
brands, and the sale of Hertz and other businesses to bolster liquidity.

"Speaking only for Ford, we are hopeful that we have enough liquidity based on
current planning assumptions and planned cash improvement actions, but we also
know that we live in tumultuous economic times in which rapid and unexpected
change seems to be the norm rather than the exception," Mulally said in the
prepared testimony.

Analysts are worried about just that.

A report by Citigroup analysts said that Ford Motor's $7.9 billion "cash burn"
during the third quarter "was significantly worse than expectations," leaving
cash balances at $18.9 billion at the end of September, down from $26.6 billion
at the end of June. Including $10.7 billion of available credit facilities, Ford
Motor's total liquidity is nearly $30 billion.

That sounds like a lot, but money-losing Ford Motor could run through nearly $15
billion in cash by the end of next year, Citigroup's analysts estimate -- and
that's without new disruptions in credit or car markets. In addition, the
automaker owes several billion dollars to the United Auto Workers to cover the
health-care costs of workers. And it needs about $10 billion just to fund
continuing operations.

Ford has plans to raise further cash through a combination of cuts in capital
spending, financial measures, layoffs and the possible sale of its partial
interest in Mazda. But analysts warn that capital spending cuts could delay
improvements in the vehicles it produces.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             480 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          November 19, 2008 Wednesday
                                Regional Edition

. . . No, Too Risky

BYLINE: Michael Gerson

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 748 words


The founder of General Motors -- the charming, risk-taking Billy Durant -- was
never as famous as Henry Ford. But while Ford built reliable black boxes, GM
focused on variety and color, feeding an exuberant American consumerism. During
the initial months of the Great Depression, GM had the nerve to introduce the
Madame X Cadillac boasting 16 cylinders. Who could be depressed with that kind
of vroom? In the late 1930s, GM's "Parade of Progress" -- a traveling showcase
of the latest auto technology -- visited 251 towns where 12 million Americans
saw the shape of a gleaming, streamlined future.

But in our current downturn, General Motors has become a symbol of decay rather
than of renewal. As one senior administration official recently told me, "The
biggest economic question is now: Should GM be allowed to fail?"

Few companies more deserve failure. General Motors overproduces cars that few
people want to buy, propping up demand with financial incentives that result in
consistent losses. The company is weighed down by massive overhead and crippled
by unsustainable labor contracts. GM has made incremental progress on labor
costs and product quality, -- the Cadillac CTS has plenty of vroom -- but these
changes have had the effect of a watering can on a three-alarm fire. General
Motors -- the first company in the world to make $1 billion in a year (1955) --
is now losing nearly $1 billion a month.

For many, the answer is simple: GM should declare bankruptcy. With its creditors
in charge, GM could restructure, sell off assets and perhaps emerge on the other
side a leaner, more competitive company. A government bailout, in this view,
would only reward mediocrity and delay the inevitable.

But bankruptcy for GM presents unique challenges. Most Americans would probably
buy a microwave oven from a company in bankruptcy. But who would buy a car and
warranty from such a company? one of the primary considerations in purchasing an
automobile is service and support during future years. Let's not obscure the
matter. The bankruptcy of GM would probably mean the end of GM.

But GM will not be allowed to fail. No president, in the end, would risk this
massive shock to a fragile economy. President Bush supports quick access to a
limited pool of federal funds. President-elect Barack Obama will certainly not
take economic risks for the sake of pure, free-market doctrines he does not
hold. Economists estimate that a rapid auto industry meltdown could cost up to 3
million jobs -- perhaps sending the jobless rate as high as 9.5 percent. It
could also result in a bottomless psychology of panic.

But wouldn't government intervention be a slippery slope? Why bail out GM and
not Circuit City? Well, perhaps because the closing of Circuit City leaves an
empty place at the mall, while the collapse of the American auto industry would
leave entire regions of the country in crisis. It is the job of a president --
on issues from military intervention to economic policy -- to keep his footing
on unavoidably slippery slopes.

The coming bailout will be a major challenge for Obama. If he caves in to the
auto unions that helped elect him and merely shores up a failing industry, he
will start his presidency on a note of weakness. If he insists on a serious
restructuring that creates sustainable companies -- including large pay and
benefit cuts, and massive downsizing -- he could gain a reputation for toughness
similar to Ronald Reagan's after his early firing of striking air traffic
controllers in 1981.

Republicans also face a challenge. Some GOP congressional leaders seem to get an
ideological thrill from the prospect of auto companies failing -- cheering on
the "creative destruction" of an economic demolition derby. "Companies fail
every day and others take their place," explains Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama.
But the American auto industry does not fail every day. And it is hard to
imagine any successful program of Republican political reconstruction that
begins with the further decimation of the Rust Belt and the resentment of
millions of unemployed workers.

Billy Durant would understand the current travails of GM. After being fired from
the company for financial mismanagement, Durant lost his fortune in the crashing
stock market. In 1936, he filed for personal bankruptcy and later opened North
Flint Recreation, a bowling alley. That is the risk inherent in capitalism. But
the sudden collapse of the company he founded would risk too much.

michaelgerson@cfr.org

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             481 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          November 19, 2008 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Met 2 Edition

Automakers Press High-Stakes Plea for Aid;
Senators Greet CEOs' Request With Skepticism

BYLINE: Lori Montgomery; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1187 words


The chieftains of Detroit's Big Three automakers made a desperate appeal to
skeptical lawmakers yesterday for $25 billion in emergency loans to forestall
the possible collapse of the domestic auto industry, offering to cut their own
salaries in exchange for government aid.

But the chances were looking increasingly bleak that Congress would quickly
approve a lifeline to help the firms survive some of the most devastating
economic conditions since Henry Ford founded the Ford Motor Co. in 1903.

In testimony before the Senate Banking Committee, the chief executives of Ford,
General Motors and Chrysler blamed the failure of the global credit system for
driving down auto sales and plunging their firms into crisis. Chrysler chief
executive Robert L. Nardelli revealed that his company had considered filing for
bankruptcy protection, but decided it would take too long to reach an accord
with suppliers, lenders and labor.

"We're in a very fragile position," Nardelli said.

Even Ford, the strongest of the three, is worried about its long-term survival.
Ford chief executive Alan R. Mulally said in written testimony that because the
auto industry is "uniquely interdependent" on a nationwide chain of suppliers,
the failure of even one of the companies could cause a "severe disruption" that
would be felt by every auto plant in the country "within days, if not hours."

"In the face of incredibly fragile economic conditions and the interdependence
of our industry, we believe it is appropriate at this time to join our
competitors in asking for your support to protect against an uncertain economic
future," Mulally wrote.

The stakes are high, the executives argued. The U.S. auto industry employs
240,000 workers. It is the largest purchaser of American-made steel, aluminum,
iron, copper, plastics, rubber and electronic chips. Last year, it bought $156
billion in U.S. auto parts, supporting jobs in all 50 states. Auto sales
typically account for 4 percent of the gross national product.

Several senators in both parties said they recognize the industry's importance
to the national economy and the severity of the crisis that has left GM and
Chrysler in danger of running out of money within months. But the patience of
even some sympathetic lawmakers was tested by evasive answers from the
executives about whether $25 billion would be enough to restore them to
financial health or whether Congress, having approved one bailout, would be
asked to approve another next year.

"I voted for $25 billion to help you restructure," said Sen. Robert Menendez
(D-N.J.), referring to a package of low-interest loans Congress approved earlier
this year to help the car companies retool factories to produce more
fuel-efficient vehicles. "But when I hear you not being able to give us how this
$25 billion will take you to that place in time in which you will be able repay
the taxpayers of the country . . . well, it's a difficult proposition."

In one particularly testy exchange, Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) demanded to know
how the three companies plan to divide the cash if Congress is persuaded to
approve it.

"Obviously, you've all created a pact," Corker said. "I just want the numbers."

Nardelli quickly replied that Chrysler would seek $7 billion. Mulally said Ford
wants about the same. And, after an initial vague response, GM Chairman G.
Richard Wagoner Jr., confessed to hoping for as much as $12 billion.

When Corker raised the prospect of a prearranged bankruptcy with the government
offering to help one or more of the firms restructure under court supervision,
Wagoner snapped back that the idea is "pure fantasy."

A bankruptcy, he said, "would ripple across this economy like a tsunami we
haven't seen. It seems to me like a huge roll of the dice."

The auto companies say a bankruptcy filing would trigger fears that warranties
would not be honored and that parts and service would be hard to come by,
driving away customers. Suppliers, who count on each of the companies for a huge
portion of their business, could be crippled. And there would be no assurance,
Nardelli said, that once a company entered bankruptcy protection it would be
able to emerge, given the state of the credit market.

Sen. Jon Tester (D-Mont.) asked the executives whether they would be willing to
cut their own salaries to $1 a year to avoid that outcome, following in
footsteps of Lee Iacocca, former chairman of Chrysler,  which received a
government bailout in 1979. All three said yes.

"I'm willing to be part of the solution," Wagoner said. Mulally said it would be
"a symbolic gesture," because Ford had eliminated merit raises and bonuses for
this year.

The automakers may come away empty-handed. At the close of the four-hour
hearing, Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher J. Dodd (D-Conn.)
acknowledged that a Democratic proposal to carve $25 billion in emergency loans
out of the $700 billion financial rescue program Congress enacted last month
does not have sufficient support to win approval during this week's session of
Congress.

The White House adamantly opposes the idea, saying it would raid money needed to
stabilize the financial system. President Bush has urged lawmakers to modify and
accelerate the existing $25 billion loan program to build fuel-efficient
vehicles, but the car companies, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and other
key Democrats are unwilling to divert the money from its original purpose.

A test vote on the Democratic measure in the Senate could come tomorrow, but
Dodd said he will revisit that idea with Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid
(D-Nev.). "Trying to jam something through, I think, would be a mistake," Dodd
said.

Faced with an apparent impasse and the Thanksgiving break fast-approaching, Reid
and Pelosi must decide whether to try again in December or put the matter off
until January, when Democrats will have stronger majorities in both chambers of
the Capitol, as well as control of the Oval Office.

While Reid and House Majority Leader Steny H. Hoyer (D-Md.) yesterday raised the
prospect of a December session, Pelosi told reporters she knows of "no
likelihood of us being in session in December."

No action would leave the car companies in a grim position. GM has said it could
run out of cash next year, and Nardelli said yesterday the same was true for
Chrysler. This comes despite their efforts to produce better, more
fuel-efficient cars and to dramatically cut costs by slashing workers, trimming
salaries and benefits, and dumping nonperforming assets. Yesterday, Ford
continued its campaign, announcing that it would raise about $540 million by
selling part of its stake in Japanese affiliate Mazda today.

Mulally noted that Ford had even made a profit during the first quarter of this
year.

"What exposes us to failure now is not our product lineup or our business plan
or our long-term strategy," Wagoner said. "What exposes us to failure now is the
global financial crisis, which has severely restricted credit availability and
reduces industry sales to the lowest per capita level since World War II."

Staff writers Kendra Marr and Paul Kane contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

CORRECTION-DATE: November 20, 2008



CORRECTION: Â· A Nov. 19 Page One article about the U.S. auto industry
incorrectly said that the chief executives of the Big Three had told a
congressional committee they would be willing to cut their annual salaries to
$1. The head of Chrysler, Robert L. Nardelli, said he would be willing to do so,
but the chief executives of General Motors and Ford did not say whether they
would do the same. Nardelli reportedly takes a base salary of $1 already;
Chrysler declined to confirm or deny the reports.

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Linda Davidson -- The Washington Post; GM chief executive G.
Richard Wagoner Jr., right, listens while Chrysler CEO Robert Nardelli speaks
during a Senate Banking Committee hearing on the state of the auto industry. GM
and Chrysler have said that without a bailout, the firms could run out of cash
next year.
IMAGE; By Linda Davidson -- The Washington Post; At right, GM chief G. Richard
Wagoner Jr. with vice president Ken W. Cole prior to yesterday's Senate hearing
over whether to grant $25 billion in emergency loans to the Detroit automakers.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             482 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 18, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Detroit's Driving Forces;
Today and tomorrow top executives from the three largest U.S. automakers are
scheduled to converge on Capitol Hill to plead their case for $25 billion in
government aid. In addition to money, some wonder whether the industry needs new
leadership. Would Detroit's management survive federal intervention?

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 703 words


Wagoner began his GM career as a financial analyst after graduating from Harvard
Business School in 1977. He steadily worked his way up the management ladder. In
2000, he was named GM's chief executi ve.

Under His Watch: As foreign rivals introduced smaller, more fuel-efficient
vehicles, GM focused on trucks and sport-utility vehicles. It pushed development
of its plug-in Chevrolet Volt only when gas prices skyrocketed. Since 2005,
Wagoner has overseen $73 billion in losses. But GM also led the renegotiation of
United Auto Workers contracts, which will shift health-care costs to a union-run
trust beginning in 2010 and allow automakers to pay new hires lower wages.

His Bailout Pitch: American automakers were on the way to restructuring the
industry when the economy soured. "I doubt there's anyone who disputes that
we're operating in very challenging times, certainly one of the most challenging
in the history of the U.S. auto industry," Wagoner told investors.

Should He Stay or Should He Go? GM has too many brands without enough
innovation, some analysts say. "He's been a part of the crew that drove this bus
right into the wall," said industry analyst Maryann Keller. But others argue
that Wagoner knows GM better than any successor; the firm just needs to survive
until 2010 when the health costs are transferred to the trust and cars like the
Volt arrive in showrooms.

Mulally is an engineer who earned his business degree at the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology. He spent most of his career at Boeing and is credited
with revitalizing the manufacturer's commercial aircraft business. Mulally took
the reins at Ford in 2006.

Under His Watch: Ford cut its bureaucracy. Mulally has combined Ford's North
American and European operations. The company also broadened its product line to
include more small cars and fuel-efficient technologies.

His Bailout Pitch: "The most important thing we want to do is make sure we have
this dialogue and we have, you know, mechanisms in place so if [the economy]
deteriorated substantially we'd be able to access a bridge loan and pay it back
and get through the downturn and keep this very important industry alive because
it's so important to the economy and the recovery," Mulally told investors.

Should He Stay or Should He Go? Of the Big Three, Ford's vehicle lineup is
generally regarded by many analysts to be in the best position to compete with
foreign rivals should the company weather the economic slump. From his aerospace
days, Mulally gets credit for understanding  manufacturing and international
competition. "He has everyone marching to the same tune," said Dennis Virag,
president of the Automotive Consulting Group. Yet, Ford continues to hemorrhage
cash. It burned through $7.7 billion in the third quarter.

Nardelli received his business degree from the University of Louisville. He
spent most of his career at top positions in General Electric and Home Depot.
Nardelli streamlined Home Depot's operations and brought in technology to
improve the supply chain. He arrived at Chrysler last year, after its sale to
Cerberus Capital Management.

Under His Watch: Coming out of its disastrous merger with German automaker
Daimler, Chrysler has a weak product pipeline. Instead of moving to smaller
vehicles, it stuck close to Jeeps, Dodge pickups and minivans.

His Bailout Pitch: "We just can't say give us money and it's a road to nowhere.
I think we have to have a very crisp plan," Nardelli told business leaders at a
conference in Palm Springs, Calif. "We have to be visionary as to where we want
to go. We have to break out of some of these old paradigms and really save a
very valuable industry for this country."

Should He Stay or Should He Go? Nardelli inherited a very broken company that
may take years to turn around. He gets high marks for boosting sales and
reorganizing management at Home Depot, but some of his steps at Chysler have
drawn fire. His dealings with suppliers have ruffled feathers as has his
decision to hire some former Home Depot managers. Many have not forgotten the
criticism he got over Home Depot's lackluster stock  performance or the size of
his severance package -- $210 million in cash and stock options.

-- Kendra Marr

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Alan Mulally, 63 Ford
IMAGE; Robert L. Nardelli, 60 CHRYSLER
IMAGE; G. RICHARD WAGONER JR., 55 GENERAL MOTORS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             483 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 13, 2008 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

The Unemployed Could Use a Hand, Too

BYLINE: Michelle Singletary

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 922 words


No longer is unemployment somebody else's problem. Chances are you know someone
who has lost a job recently. Or you know somebody who knows somebody who has
become unemployed through no fault of their own.

In all the hustle and bustle to fix the economy, there is one thing we cannot
forget to address: the extension of unemployment insurance benefits and a
broadening of the program to provide benefits to more people.

In November alone, several major companies have announced large layoffs:

Â· The package delivery company DHL Express is eliminating 9,500 jobs. DHL
announced it would close all of its U.S. ground hubs and discontinue its
domestic air and ground services in January. That would leave just its
international operation.

Â· Ford Motor said it was cutting 2,600 hourly employees as a result of targeted
buyouts -- bringing the company's total U.S. hourly reductions through buyouts
to 7,000.

Â· General Motors, whose company stock has plummeted, said it would cut
production, idling 5,500 hourly employees.

Â· The retailer Circuit City filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection and
announced it was closing 155 stores, affecting about 17 percent of its
workforce.

Â· Fidelity Investments announced it would lay off 2.9 percent of its 44,400
employees. The company said a second round of job cuts is planned for the first
quarter of next year.

Â· Drug maker GlaxoSmithKline said it was cutting 1,000 jobs.

I could go on, but it's just too depressing.

The U.S. employment ranks shrunk by 1.2 million in the first 10 months of this
year. But more than half of those jobs were lost in the past three months,
according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. In October, 240,000 jobs vanished.

There is a safety net for a portion of the workers who have lost their jobs.
They can turn to unemployment insurance, which was created in 1935 in response
to the Great Depression. Unemployment insurance provides partial wage
replacement to unemployed workers while they look for work. Each state
administers a separate unemployment insurance program within federal guidelines.

In general, benefits are based on a percentage of an individual's earnings over
a recent 52-week period -- up to a state maximum amount.

Typically, you can get unemployment insurance benefits for up to 26 weeks in
most states. When things get really bad, the federal government will extend the
number of weeks that people can collect benefits. Congress temporarily added 13
more weeks in June.

Almost 800,000 workers exhausted their extended unemployment benefits in October
and more than 350,000 more will exhaust theirs in November and December,
according to estimates from the National Employment Law Project.

I understand all the attention on helping corporations. The companies, after
all, provide the jobs. But we've still got to help individuals who have been let
go by ailing companies.

The average weekly benefit nationally for the unemployed was just $296.69 as of
September.

Oh, by the way, unemployment insurance benefits are subject to federal income
taxes.

On average, benefits replace about 36 percent of an unemployed worker's previous
earnings, although the replacement rate ranges depending on how much you earned,
according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities.

What's most troubling about the unemployment insurance program is who qualifies.
Many unemployed workers, especially those with lower incomes, don't.

"If you have to leave your job to take care of a sick kid, in many states you
wouldn't qualify for benefits," says Chad Stone, chief economist for the Center
on Budget and Policy Priorities. "If you had a full-time job and can only find
part-time work, you can't collect benefits in many states."

About two-thirds of states do not consider workers eligible for unemployment
insurance if they are available only for part-time work.

In many states, low-wage workers are unfairly denied benefits because the method
used to determine eligibility does not count all of their latest earnings,
according to the National Employment Law Project.

Additionally, temporary workers and those who are routinely misclassified by
their employers as independent contractors often lose out on unemployment
benefits.

Back when the unemployment insurance program was established, most of the labor
force consisted of men who were employed full time in the manufacturing or trade
sectors.

"The criteria for determining unemployment eligibility have not kept up with the
changing realities of the U.S. labor market," Stone said.

There's a chance that an economic stimulus package will contain provisions to
extend unemployment benefits. However, any measure that is passed should also
include provisions to update the eligibility rules for unemployment insurance
benefits.

"Expanding coverage makes unemployment insurance more potent as an economic
stimulus in a recession and helps keep any economic slump as short and shallow
as possible," Stone said.

This has got to be an issue we all embrace because the next one fired may be
you.

Â· On the air: Michelle Singletary discusses personal finance Tuesdays on NPR's
"Day to Day" program and at http://www.npr.org.

Â· By mail: Readers can write to her at The Washington Post, 1150 15th St. NW,
Washington, D.C. 20071.

Â· By e-mail: singletarym@washpost.com

Comments and questions are welcome, but because of the volume of mail, personal
responses are not always possible. Please note that comments or questions may be
used in a future column, with the writer's name, unless a specific request to do
otherwise is indicated.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             484 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 13, 2008 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

Crash Marks A Grim Statistic;
Fatality Is Region's Third This Year With a Teen Driver

BYLINE: Matt Zapotosky; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. 01

LENGTH: 580 words


Southern Maryland recorded its third fatal crash involving a teenage driver this
year when a 17-year-old veered off Route 5 in St. Mary's on Sunday and hit a
tree, authorities said.

Nicole Y. Pitonyak, 17, of Brandywine in Charles County was traveling south on
Route 5 at nearly 100 mph when she lost control of her car and swerved into the
median, police said. The Ford Focus hit a tree, and Pitonyak's seat was ejected,
police said.

Pitonyak was pronounced dead at the scene, just north of Route 6 in the
Charlotte Hall area. Her passenger, a 16-year-old girl from Waldorf, was trapped
in the car and critically injured, police said. Both girls were wearing seat
belts.

"I don't know what else to say, except we want them to slow down," said Jackie
Beckman, community traffic safety program coordinator for St. Mary's County.
"I'm told that there's no evidence it was a race involved, but it does appear
that a lot of speed was contributing to this."

Based largely on reports in a St. Mary's newspaper, speculation briefly arose
that Pitonyak was racing at the time of the crash. Cindy Allen, a spokeswoman
for the St. Mary's County Sheriff's Office, said a witness told investigators
that a silver car was speeding alongside the Focus just before the crash but
that the cars were not racing.

The driver of the silver car, a Honda, stopped immediately after the crash, but
he said he did not know either of the girls in the Ford, Allen said. The Honda
driver told police that the Ford came up behind him at a high rate of speed,
prompting him to move to the slow lane, Allen said. The Ford crashed as it was
approaching another vehicle from behind, Allen said.

"We don't have a witness that said . . . 'I saw them in a speed contest or drag
racing,' " Allen said. "Several witnesses have indicated that they saw the Ford
Focus traveling between 90 and 100 mph, but that of course has got to be
qualified through the reconstruction."

Allen said the speed limit in the area of the crash is 55 mph. She said
investigators had not talked to the injured passenger.

Pitonyak's family declined to comment.

Sunday's crash was the third fatal wreck this year involving teen drivers in
Southern Maryland.

A pregnant 20-year-old driver was also killed this year in a crash in Charles,
Beckman said.

Fatal crashes involving teenage drivers have plagued Southern Maryland, a rural
region with winding roads and few public transportation options.

Last year, the region recorded 15 deaths in 11 crashes involving drivers ages 16
to 20, prompting officials to announce initiatives targeted at young drivers.
School officials threatened to revoke parking privileges for traffic citations,
and police officers said they would step up enforcement of driving laws focused
on teens.

Southern Maryland officials also launched a program that allows parents to
install free cameras in their teenagers' cars to record the minutes before and
after an unusual driving maneuver, such as sudden braking or a crash.

The decline in deaths from last year might indicate that the programs are
working, Beckman said. But, she said, the worst time of year, when rain and
fallen leaves give way to snow and ice, is yet to come.

"We don't want anybody to take it away as, 'We don't have a problem anymore,' "
Beckman said. "Are people remembering from last year and changing what they're
letting their kids do? Or have we just been lucky?"

Across all age groups, 31 people have been killed this year in 26 crashes in
Southern Maryland.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             485 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 13, 2008 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Stocks Plunge On Bailout Shift, Retail Weakness;
Sliding Oil Prices Feed Dow's 4.7% Drop

BYLINE: Kim Hart and Sholnn Freeman; Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 681 words


Stocks tumbled yesterday after Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. said the
government is shelving its initial plans to buy banks' toxic assets and is
instead focusing on injecting capital into banks and companies that lend to
households and businesses. That news, along with a steep drop in oil prices and
fresh evidence of a severe slump in consumer spending, drove the three major
indexes down more than 4 percent in the market's third straight day of losses.

The market got off to a weak start over worries that consumers will continue to
curb spending. Losses widened mid-morning when Paulson said he wanted to expand
the government's $700 bailout program to include credit card, student loan and
car loan companies to enable consumers and businesses to borrow the money they
need.

The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 4.73 percent, or 411.30 points, at
8282.66, its lowest level since Oct. 27. The broader Standard & Poor's 500-stock
index fell 5.19 percent, or 46.65 points, to close at 852.30. The tech-heavy
Nasdaq composite index closed down 5.17 percent, or 81.69 points, at  1499.21.

"The market is once again focusing on negative news," said Peter I. Cardillo,
chief market economist with New York-based Avalon Partners. "The fact that
Paulson has made a left turn has got this market thinking and wondering, does
Washington know what it's doing? That's what's got the markets upset here."

Some analysts have been predicting a  market retreat to October lows, said
Andrew Brooks, vice president of U.S. equity trading at T. Rowe Price. "We're
getting closer to that every day," he said. "The market's facing a lot all at
once."

Paulson said automakers would not receive any money from the $700 billion
program but added that Congress could alter the $25 billion already approved for
retooling auto factories to be used as direct aid. General Motors, whose stock
price was down nearly 9 percent in morning trading yesterday, rose 7.5 percent
after Paulson's remarks and closed up 5.5 percent. Shares of Ford Motor rose 5.6
percent and closed up 2.2 percent. The House will hold a special session next
week to consider a plan to provide emergency cash to the auto industry.

Driving investors' fears of sharp drops in consumer spending  were more gloomy
earnings reports released yesterday by major retailers. Department store Macy's
said it lost $44 million in the third quarter, and Best Buy said it reduced its
2009 outlook in anticipation of further drops in spending. The grim reports come
on the heels  of Circuit City's filing for bankruptcy protection Monday.

In another sign of a severe global slowdown, the price of benchmark crude oil
fell 5.3  percent, or $3.14, to $56.16.

The decline represents a dramatic turnaround from oil prices this summer when
analysts were predicting that growing global demand would propel oil prices to
$150 to $200 a barrel.

The U.S. Energy Information Administration,  in a forecast of oil pricing and
consumption, said it expected the United States next year to record the steepest
year-over-year drop in petroleum consumption since 1980. In the report, the EIA
projected an average gas price of $2.37 per gallon in 2009 and a home heating
oil price of $2.75 for October 2008 through March 2009, both significantly down
from previous forecasts.

Negative economic data kept piling up in October, leading to the downward
revisions in agency projections, said Tancred Lidderdale, an EIA senior
economist.

Analyst Phil  Flynn of Alaron Trading in Chicago said oil traded lower yesterday
partly in response to deflationary fears voiced by the Bank of England. Flynn
said investors feared that the Bank of England would try to spur economic growth
by aggressively cutting interest rates, a move that could lead to a stronger
U.S. dollar and more oil price declines.

Globally, the EIA expects oil demand to grow by a mere 50,000 barrels per day in
2009, down from an 800,000 barrel per day forecast  a month ago.

"It is absolutely so small," Flynn said of the new forecast. "It's sort of like
what spills over when you fill up your gas tank."

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             486 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          November 12, 2008 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Business Groups Pushing for Relief From Pension Law

BYLINE: Stephen Manning; Associated Press

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 313 words


With pension funds facing billions of dollars in shortfalls as markets plunge, a
range of companies from Ford to Verizon are pushing Congress to suspend portions
of a two-year-old law they say could force them to cut jobs as they shift scarce
money into ailing retirement pools.

The lobbying effort aims to change a 2006 pension revision  law as part of any
economic stimulus plan in a lame-duck session of Congress that begins next week.
Companies warn that the current law could force them to tie up large sums of
cash they desperately need in the face of a global recession.

Roughly 300 companies and business groups plan to make the request in a letter
tomorrow  to congressional committees. The authors include some of the nation's
biggest corporate names from a variety of sectors, including Ford Motor, IBM,
Pfizer  and Verizon Communications.

"Unless the funding rules are modified, they will increase U.S. unemployment and
slow our economic recovery," the letter warns.

The Pension Protection Act of 2006 included provisions meant to ensure that
company pensions, also known as defined benefits, have money to meet the
promises made to workers and retirees. While many companies have phased out such
pools of money in favor of 401(k) plans, which cost less, about three-quarters
of S&P 500 companies  have traditional plans, analysts say.

Under the law, companies facing shortfalls must bring their plans up to full
funding over the next seven years. Those that fall short will be forced to take
steps such as freezing the accrual of new benefits for current plan members.

The letter asks Congress for changes to the pension  law, such as giving
companies more time to reach full funding. It also seeks accounting changes that
would allow companies to spread losses to their plans over longer periods of
time, a process that would temper the effect of sudden drops in plan values.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             487 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 8, 2008 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

As Ford and GM Bleed Cash, A More Urgent Push for Loans

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 987 words


General Motors and Ford, struggling with the sharpest decline in auto sales in
more than two decades, are rapidly burning through their cash with GM saying it
likely will only have "the minimum amount necessary to operate its business"
through the rest of the year.

The companies' plight added new urgency to the debate over whether Washington
should offer an additional $25 billion  in new loans to the automakers.

In his first  news conference since the election, President-elect Barack Obama
yesterday said aiding the industry would be one of his top priorities.

"The auto industry is the backbone of American manufacturing and a critical part
of our attempt to reduce our dependence on foreign oil," he said.

The automakers blamed their dwindling cash position on an industry-wide slowdown
in sales and the credit crisis, which has made it difficult to borrow money. GM
devoured $6.9 billion during the three months ending Sept. 30 and said it is
moving to cut spending and sell some product lines. It said it has called off
merger talks with Chrysler.

Even with those actions, the company said it will "fall significantly short" of
the cash it needs in 2009 unless the economy improves and the government offers
financial assistance.

"I doubt there's anyone who disputes that we're operating in very challenging
times, certainly one of the most challenging in the history of the U.S. auto
industry," said G. Richard Wagoner Jr., GM's chairman and chief executive.

Wagoner dismissed talk that the company may need to file for bankruptcy
protection. Some industry analysts have warned that the consequences could be
widely felt by auto parts suppliers and the automakers who depend on them.

"We're convinced that the consequences of bankruptcy would be dire," Wagoner
said.

Ford consumed $7.7 billion during the third quarter, depleting its reserves to
$18.9 billion. With a $10.7 billion credit line still available, Ford executives
said they were comfortable -- for now -- with their liquidity position. But
they, too, said they would like the option of receiving government aid.

"The most important thing we want to do is make sure we have this dialogue and
we have, you know, mechanisms in place," Ford chief executive Alan Mulally said.
"So if [the economy] deteriorated substantially we'd be able to access a bridge
loan and pay it back and get through the downturn and keep this very important
industry alive."

The companies described their cash situation while reporting their financial
results for the third quarter yesterday. GM posted a third-quarter net loss of
$2.5 billion ($4.45 a share) that included a one-time gain, compared to a loss
of $42.5 billion ($75.12) a year earlier when it took a noncash charge of $38.3
billion on deferred tax assets.

Ford reported a $129 million (6 cents a share) third-quarter net loss, compared
with a loss of $380 million (19 cents) a year earlier.

The American giants were not the only automakers to see their earnings suffer in
the economic downturn. Across the Pacific, Toyota warned that this year's
profits would hit a 13-year low.

As auto sales have dropped dramatically -- to levels not seen since World War II
-- automakers have had to dig deeper into their pockets to make ends meet.

Ford's third-quarter revenue fell 22 percent to $32 billion, compared with the
same period a year ago. GM's revenue was down 13 percent to about $38 billion.

Previously GM said it was burning through about $1 billion a month. Now it's
spending cash at a rate of $2.3 billion each month, moving dangerously close to
its minimum operating requirement of $11 billion to $14 billion.

In July, GM announced laid out a plan to improve its cash reserves by $15
billion. Yesterday it added another $5 billion, which included cutting an
additional 10 percent cut to its white-collar workforce. The company has also
been trying to sell some of its product lines, such as the Hummer.

GM called off its talks with Chrysler about a potential merger -- a union some
think might strengthen GM's long-term finances.

"We are cutting to the bone," said Fritz Henderson, GM's president and chief
operating officer.

Chrysler said it wouldn't comment on its private business meetings, but its
chairman and chief executive Robert L. Nardelli said in a statement that
"returning Chrysler to profitability continues to be the key focus of the
management team."

Ford's net loss included a $2.3 billion gain as the company transferred the
burden of much of its health costs to a UAW-run trust, helping narrow the
company's net loss to $129 million.

The company aims to improve its cash situation by $14 billion to $17 billion by
the end of 2010. Ford said it would trim 10 percent of its white-collar
workforce, suspend matching contributions for 401(k) retirement accounts and
take other steps to slow spending.

"A once-a-century crisis is here and automakers are having a hard time coping
with it," said Aaron Bragman, an auto analyst with Global Insight.

Less than 24 hours before these announcements, both automakers huddled with
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid to request
an additional $25 billion loan in a possible November stimulus package. Congress
has already approved a $25 billion loan package to foster the development and
production of fuel-efficient vehicles.

This week the Energy Department outlined the rules of the program, allowing
automakers to begin applying for the funds. But the money  probably will be
distributed slowly, as it will be allotted for use in specific projects.

"We have taken it as far as we can as an executive branch," Commerce Secretary
Carlos M. Gutierrez said in an interview. "If Congress can do something to
advance this money to the industry, any ideas to adjust the legislation to
unlock those loans, we would be interested in listening."

By the end of the day, GM shares fell 9 percent to $4.36. Ford stock climbed 2
percent to close at $2.02.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE; By Paul Sancya -- Ap; Auto workers leave the General Motors Powertrain
facility in Warren, Mich. GM said it lost $2.5 billion in the third quarter and
warned that it could run out of cash in 2009. GM also said it has suspended
merger talks with Chrysler.
IMAGE
IMAGE; By Jeff Kowalsky -- Bloomberg News; Ford said it burned through $7.7
billion in cash in the third quarter, leaving $18.9 billion in reserves.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             488 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 6, 2008 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

MARYLAND BRIEFING

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 456 words

PRINCE GEORGE'S COUNTY

Budget Shortfall Grows to $73 Million

The Prince George's County Council was told yesterday that a potential budget
shortfall that had been estimated at $56 million has grown to about $73 million.

County budget director Jonathan R. Seeman told the council that tax revenue from
home sales continues to plummet, worsening the county's budget situation.

Prince George's has forced employees to take two weeks of unpaid leave to plug
the hole. Seeman said that county leaders are examining options to address the
larger shortfall but that he does not anticipate expanding the employee furlough
program.

-- Rosalind S. Helderman

Officers Identified in Shooting During Carjacking

Prince George's County police yesterday identified two undercover officers
involved in the fatal shooting of Joshua D. Sands, 19, who allegedly tried to
carjack one officer's vehicle.

Police Officer 1st Class James G. McCreary, a five-year veteran, and Cpl. Moise
Apollon, who has served eight years on the force, have been placed on
administrative leave.

In an initial account of the shooting, which occurred Monday night during an
antidrug operation in the 3200 block of Naylor Road near the District line,
authorities said one officer fired his weapon after he was approached while in
his vehicle by three suspects, one of whom displayed a gun and demanded the
officer to "give it up." Yesterday, authorities said that the other officer
discharged his weapon as well.

-- Elissa Silverman

Officer Hurt in Tussle With Intruder Identified

Prince George's County police yesterday identified the officer shot early
Tuesday outside an elementary school in Laurel.

Cpl. Carlton Dean, an 11-year veteran, was investigating an alarm at Oaklands
Elementary School in the 13000 block of Laurel Bowie Road about 2:15 a.m. when
he encountered a man leaving the school, and a struggle ensued.

Authorities said Dean's gun went off during the tussle, and his forehead was
grazed by a bullet.

He has been placed on administrative leave.

-- Elissa Silverman

CHARLES COUNTY

Slaying Suspect Arrested in Alabama

The Charles County Sheriff's Office said an Oxon Hill man has been arrested in
Alabama on first- and second-degree murder charges.

Police in Tuscaloosa, Ala., arrested James Ford Jr. , 20, on Tuesday while
investigating his involvement in a theft. Police learned that he was a wanted
fugitive in Charles County and arrested him on the murder charges.

Officers investigating reports of a shooting in Waldorf on Aug. 11 found Joseph
Ray Burgess, 21, dead of a gunshot wound.

Police say Ford approached Burgess that night and an argument began. During the
argument, police said, Ford pistol-whipped one man and shot Burgess in the upper
body.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             489 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 4, 2008 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Brakes Locked For U.S. Auto Sales;
Tight Credit, Consumers' Fears Stymie Carmakers

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 823 words


Oil prices may be steadily dropping, but tightening credit markets and slumping
consumer confidence have continued to keep Americans away from auto dealerships.

Automakers reported yet another month of steep sales declines yesterday -- the
worst in 17 years. Industry-wide, they sold 838,156 new cars, minivans and
trucks in October, a collapse of about 32 percent compared with October 2007,
according to preliminary data released yesterday by the industry research firm
Autodata.

"These are very challenging times," said Ford sales analyst George Pipas.

General Motors, Toyota, Ford and Chrysler, the four largest automakers in the
U.S. market, all reported double-digit nosedives. GM said sales plummeted 45
percent compared with October of last year. Toyota's sales eroded 23 percent,
and Ford's fell 29 percent. Chrysler reported a 35 percent drop.

U.S. sales total 11.6 million for the year so far, down about 15 percent,
according to Autodata.

"It's really an unsustainably weak level for all manufacturers," said Mike
DiGiovanni, GM's executive director of global market and industry analysis.
"This is clearly a severe, severe recession for the U.S. automotive industry and
something we really can't sustain."

Seasonally adjusted, the October data translate into 10.56 million sales on an
annualized basis, the slowest pace since February 1983. In recent years, the
rate hovered around 16 million.

"I have to say when the industry is hovering around 11 million, there are no hot
segments or really hot products," Pipas told investors.

GM shares fell about 2 percent, to close at $5.65. Ford dropped about 3 percent,
to $2.13. Toyota's American depositary receipts rose about 1 percent to $76.66.

As in September, auto executives tied the latest reports -- or what Mark LaNeve,
head of GM sales and marketing, called "ugly red numbers" -- to the snowballing
effect of the wild stock market, shrinking retirement accounts, turbulence in
the housing market and this summer's dramatic oil price spikes.

"If you adjust for population growth, this is probably the worst industry sales
month in the post-WWII era," LaNeve said.

As household budgets contract, autos are among the first big-ticket purchases to
go. And even if consumers are inclined to buy, some are being turned away
because they can't secure financing.

"Consumer confidence is the number one reason why we are where we are," said
Jesse Toprak, executive director of industry analysis at Edmunds.com.

Downward pressure on sales also stems from the Detroit automakers' sputtering
financing arms. GMAC, Ford and Chrysler have all been blocked from the market
for bonds backed by auto loans for the fifth month in a row. Credit-rating
companies have downgraded these financing arms, making it more expensive to
raise money.

To shore up capital, GMAC yesterday sold its reinsurance business to
Bermuda-based Maiden Holdings for an undisclosed amount.

Automakers are scrambling to remedy the situation.

Slumping demand and tight credit have prompted GM and Chrysler to hold merger
talks. GM has appealed to the Treasury Department for financial assistance,
though the department has been reluctant to get involved, said people familiar
with the matter who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not
authorized to speak publicly.

The automaker's finance arms sought approval to borrow from the Federal
Reserve's commercial paper program. GMAC is looking to transform itself into a
bank-holding company to tap government financing.

For now, to battle the downturn in the short term, automakers plan on prolonging
their recent blitz of financing and sale specials to lure customers to
dealerships.

GM's Red Tag Event, a sale that usually doesn't kick off until Thanksgiving,
starts tomorrow. Chrysler is continuing its incentive plans that offer cash
rebates up to $6,000 and discounted financing. Ford is extending its October
Truck Month promotion.

Toyota is continuing its Save by Zero event through November. In October, zero
percent financing "managed to breathe some life into an otherwise lackluster
month," said Toyota Division General Manager Bob Carter.

Production, meanwhile, hasn't ground entirely to a halt.

Customer demand for large vehicles continues to climb in foreign markets. For
the first time, starting in December, Toyota will export its U.S.-built Tundra
pickup truck and Sequoia sport-utility vehicle to the Middle East and Latin
America. Toyota will ship about 15,000 Sequoias, which are manufactured in
Princeton, Ind., to the Middle East and 150 to Latin America annually. About
1,000 Tundras, which are made in San Antonio, will go to Latin America each
year.

Expecting increased sales of its redesigned 2009 Ford F-150 truck, Ford will
bring back about 1,000 workers in January to boost production in Dearborn, Mich.
The F-150 has been America's best-selling truck for 31 years, and its new TV
commercials tout that a truck "ain't a luxury. It's a way of life."

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Bill Pugliano -- Getty Images; Ford Expedition sport-utility
vehicles make their way through an assembly line in Wayne, Mich.
IMAGE; By Bill Waugh -- Associated Press; New Chevrolet Traverses are loaded up
for transport at a General Motors plant in Spring Hill, Tenn. GM's Red Tag
Event, which usually doesn't begin until Thanksgiving, kicks off tomorrow.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             490 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 2, 2008 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Sputtering Without Energy and Industrial Policies

BYLINE: Warren Brown

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 931 words


We have neither an industrial nor an energy policy. Is it any wonder our economy
is a mess?

The United States, a onetime nation of broad-shouldered cities where goods were
made and sold, is becoming the moral equivalent of the hollow corporation. It
rapidly is turning into a place where little is designed, developed or
manufactured -- except profits and losses gained and suffered from gambling on
Wall Street.

That is one reality.

Another is that America, a onetime First World nation, is becoming a Third World
country, one that has no manufacturing infrastructure  but, instead, does the
lowest-wage bidding of foreign-owned companies that have received hundreds of
millions of dollars in tax incentives and other financial breaks to set up shop
in "business-friendly" states.

"Business-friendly," in this context, often translates to "nonunion" -- states
such as Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, South Carolina, North Carolina,
Tennessee and Virginia -- states that might as well hang signs warning: "Union
Organizers and Union Members Not Welcome Here."

It is no accident that almost every major foreign automobile company -- BMW,
Honda, Hyundai, Nissan, Mercedes-Benz, Toyota and Volkswagen -- put assembly
plants or other facilities in one or several of those states, often with the
eager assistance of state officials blessing the arrival of the foreign
companies with tax breaks and other goodies.

The foreign-owned enterprises often have been praised by their supporters in
state and local governments and in media outlets as generating the right kinds
of jobs -- employment that lifts formerly jobless and minimum-wage people from
poverty without giving them the average $56,650 a year in wages or the expensive
medical and pension benefits enjoyed by United Auto Workers-represented
production workers at General Motors, Ford or Chrysler.

It seems a "good wage" is one that does not encourage serfs to start thinking of
themselves as masters of their fate.

It is ironic.

It was GM, Ford and Chrysler in conjunction with the UAW that helped to create a
viable middle class in America, especially in the nation's African American and
other minority communities. It was GM, Ford and Chrysler that helped America win
World War II and fight the Korean and Vietnam wars by producing many of the
weapons and much of the equipment used by the United States in those conflicts.

But here we are today engaged in a debate over whether we should bother
"bailing out" Detroit, whether we should allow the Big Three to die an ignoble
death in our current economic milieu of wildly fluctuating fuel prices, crippled
banks, failing insurance companies and frozen credit markets.

After all, the thinking goes: we don't need the Big Three as long as we have BMW
and Toyota. Well, here's hoping that we continue to live in peace with Germany
and Japan.

Gee, the Big Three critics say, Detroit screwed up. Detroit made all of those
gas-guzzling cars and trucks when Americans were demanding fuel-sippers. They
ignored the directives of Congress, the Environmental Protection Agency and the
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to produce fuel-efficient,
clean-burning cars and trucks.

That is a convenient lie.

The truth is that the Big Three catered the long-running, drunken ruckus that
was America's celebration of having the cheapest gasoline in the developed
world. Blaming the Big Three for that revelry is akin to blaming the maids for
changing the sheets in a house of ill repute. It's worse than hypocritical.

BMW came to that party with gas-guzzling sport-utility vehicles. So did Toyota,
Nissan and Mercedes-Benz. Honda sat in the parlor with a few
less-than-economical midsize SUVs, contemplating whether it should invest in a
V-8 to go upstairs and have fun with the high-rollers.

Put simply: Car companies play to market. If the market demands small,
fuel-efficient vehicles, as markets historically have done in Europe and Asia,
that is what the companies operating in those places -- including GM and Ford --
make. If the market demands big vehicles and big horsepower, as the U.S. market
historically has done, that is what car companies -- including Toyota and Nissan
-- make.

Also, if consumers, drunk on cheap gasoline and assisted in that wantonness by a
Congress that refuses to make them pay the real price of their profligacy,
demand gas-guzzlers, that is what they will get.

All of those things being the case, it is the worst kind of hypocrisy for
government officials and media pundits to now wag fingers and say that Detroit
deserves death for its sins. Instead, what Detroit needs -- what we all need in
this country -- are energy and industrial policies that make sense.

Â· Do we or don't we want American ownership of vital manufacturing industries,
such as automobile and steel? If we wish to maintain ownership of a
manufacturing infrastructure, we'd better find a way to do it, including direct
loans to the industry if necessary.

Â· Do we or don't we want a national energy conservation program in which
consumers bear a fair share of the responsibility for using fuel more wisely? If
that is what we want, let's pass and implement the necessary rules and
regulations to bring it about.

Â· Do we place a value on maintaining international leadership in the
development of future technologies, including alternative fuels and propulsion
systems? If that is a value, let's do something about it, including drafting the
domestic car companies into a viable government-industry partnership, and end
this nonproductive, go-nowhere debate over "welfare for Detroit."

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By David R. Lutman For The Washington Post; With no
manufacturing infrastructure, America instead does the lowest-wage bidding of
foreign-owned firms that have received millions of dollars in tax incentives to
set up shop in "business-friendly" states.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             491 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 31, 2008 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Governors Press Fed, Treasury to Help Auto Industry

BYLINE: Kendra Marr; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 646 words


The clamor for federal aid for the troubled U.S. auto industry is growing
louder.

Six state governors, a Ford executive and others added their voices to the
debate over whether to free up government money to rescue Motor City and help
General Motors merge with Chrysler.

The governors of Michigan, Kentucky, Ohio, Delaware, New York and South Dakota
banded together this week to pressure Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr.
and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke to use their regulatory authority
to make it easier for Detroit automakers to access credit and gain addition
funding.

"As governors, we appreciate your recent efforts to provide liquidity to the
credit and financial markets, and urge that you use your broad regulatory
authority to ensure that your continued actions help promote liquidity within
the U.S. auto industry," said the letter sent Wednesday. "This industry is vital
to millions of citizens in our states and across the country."

Much like the Michigan congressional delegation, which sent its own letter to
Paulson and Bernanke last week, the governors said Detroit's Big Three are too
big to fail. The auto industry employs millions of Americans and it is one of
the largest buyers of steel, aluminum, iron, copper, plastics, rubber and
electronics. And a large network of suppliers, vendors and dealers rely on the
economic stability of Motor City, they said.

GM's chairman and chief executive, G. Richard Wagoner Jr., was in Washington
this week to ask the Bush administration for financial assistance for a merger
with Chrysler. A Ford executive said yesterday that his company would also
expect financial assistance if GM prevails. Executive Vice President Mark Fields
told reporters that the company wants "policymakers and the powers that be" to
know "the challenges facing the industry but also the challenges facing us and
that there's a degree of parity," according to Bloomberg.

Automakers have appealed to the Treasury Department to allow them to tap into
the $700 billion rescue plan, but Treasury has given them no indication that
help would be coming soon, according to sources familiar with the matter. GMAC,
GM's financing arm, is in talks to become a bank holding company so it can take
advantage of federal assistance.

Pressure is building in other quarters as well. Auto parts makers Visteon, TRW
and Lear all announced big  third-quarter losses yesterday. TRW and Visteon are
both planning to cut their salaried workforces.

Car dealers are also feeling the squeeze.

GMAC recently began requiring some dealers to repay their loans faster because
of the credit crunch. GMAC notified many dealers nationwide that they will have
to pay down the wholesale financing for vehicles older than 180 days in their
inventory.

"Turbulence in the markets reduced our access to funds and increased the cost of
funds where available," GMAC chief executive Alvaro G. de Molina explained in a
follow-up letter to the California New Car Dealers Association. "In response, we
adjusted our credit policy to reflect the reduced level of funding
availability."

Typically dealers use GMAC financing to buy vehicles from GM, paying interest
while the cars and trucks sit on the lot. The dealers pay back the principal
when a vehicle is sold. But as consumer confidence declines, more unsold
vehicles are sitting for longer periods on  lots. This week, GM said its
worldwide sales fell 11 percent in the third quarter.

"This is just zapping our dealers of their working capital," said Peter Welch,
president of the California New Car Dealers Association. "This is a total drain.
If they have to make curtailment payments, they can't order new cars. The orders
they're sending into GM are virtually down to nothing."

Donald Hall, president and chief executive of the Virginia Automobile Dealers
Association, said all of his 550 members received a letter from GMAC.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; G. Richard Wagoner Jr., GM's chief executive
IMAGE; Mark Fields, executive vice president at Ford

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             492 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 29, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

NATIONAL BRIEFING

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 692 words

MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS

Banks Exit Huntsman Deal

Two banks funding a buyout of Huntsman Corp. have backed out of the $6.5 billion
deal, which has grown increasingly rancorous as the economy worsened.

Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank told Hexion Specialty Chemicals late Monday that
the combined company no longer meets standards set when the deal was crafted in
July 2007. The buyout was slated to close yesterday.

The banks rejected an outside appraisal, released last week, that found the
combined company could remain solvent in the current economic climate.

At the height of the buyout frenzy in the summer of 2007, the banks agreed to
finance the deal with a $15.35 billion debt package. Hexion said it would hold
the banks to the original agreement.

TELECOM

FCC Urged to Delay Vote

Nearly 75 members of Congress are urging Federal Communications Commission
Chairman Kevin J. Martin to delay the planned Nov. 4 vote on a proposal to
overhaul key pieces of telecommunications regulation, arguing that the matter
should get public review.

Martin wants to simplify the complicated menu of fees that phone companies pay
to connect calls with each other's networks. The proposed changes are backed by
Verizon Communications and AT&T, which argue that existing rules are outdated.

But the plan faces opposition from competing carriers and rural phone companies,
which fear it could erode the money they get for completing phone calls to their
subscribers. Consumer advocates warn that the change could lead to higher phone
bills -- particularly for rural customers -- as phone companies seek to recover
lost access charges from other sources.

AUTOMOTIVE

Kerkorian Sells More Ford Shares

Investor Kirk Kerkorian has sold more shares of Ford Motor, reducing his stake
in the U.S. automaker to less than 5 percent. The Las Vegas billionaire said in
a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that he sold 26.4 million
shares between Oct. 21 and Oct. 27 at an average price of $2.01 each. That has
reduced his stake to about 107 million shares -- or 4.89 percent.

Kerkorian's Tracinda Corp. said last week that it intended to cut its stake in
Ford and invest in other industries such as casinos, hotels and oil and gas. The
company announced Oct. 21 that it had sold 7.3 million Ford shares at an average
price of $2.43 each, reducing its stake to 6.1 percent.

TECHNOLOGY

Web Option Offered on Office

Microsoft, seeking to counter a threat from Google, plans to sell Web-based
versions of its Office word processing and spreadsheet programs. Microsoft will
offer versions of Word, Excel, PowerPoint and the OneNote note-taking software
that operate in a Web browser. The company introduced the Office programs at a
conference where it also unveiled the next version of its Windows operating
system and showed how browser-based Office applications work with mobile-phone
versions.

EARNINGS

Valero Energy, the nation's largest independent oil refiner, said its
third-quarter profit fell 10 percent to $1.15 billion, from $1.27 billion in the
year-ago period. Third-quarter revenue grew 52 percent to $35.96 billion. The
San Antonio-based company noted that its results in the third quarter of 2007
included a one-time, after-tax gain of $426 million from the sale of its
refinery in Lima, Ohio. Valero also said it was reducing capital spending,
citing the uncertain economic environment and volatility in the refining sector.

Occidental Petroleum reported a 72 percent increase in third-quarter earnings,
to $2.27 billion from $1.32 billion in the year-ago period, as oil prices rose
and the company's production increased. The Los Angeles-based company said
revenue increased 46 percent to $7.06 billion.

United States Steel's profit more than tripled compared with the corresponding
period a year earlier, to $919 million, as higher prices led to record gains in
its tubular and flat-rolled steel businesses, but the company warned that
softening demand in North America and Europe would hurt results for the rest of
the year. Revenue rose 68 percent, to $7.31 billion.

Compiled from reports by Washington Post staff writers, the Associated Press and
Bloomberg News.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Jonathan Alcorn -- Bloomberg News; Screens display Web
versions of Microsoft Office programs at a software development conference.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             493 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 28, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Coming to Detroit's Rescue?;
Ford, GM, Chrysler Eligible for Aid Under Bailout Law, Treasury Says

BYLINE: Kendra Marr and David Cho; Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 998 words


The Bush administration is in negotiations to broaden its $700 billion financial
rescue plan to include U.S. auto companies, potentially opening the door to an
array of industries to seek federal aid.

Detroit's Big Three are eligible for aid under a broad interpretation of the law
that authorized the $700 billion financial rescue, Treasury Department officials
said yesterday. But they declined to discuss the details of any assistance.

"The law grants the secretary broad authority to purchase troubled assets that
he deems important to improving financial stability," said Treasury spokeswoman
Jennifer Zuccarelli.

Ford and General Motors are eligible because they are both chartered as thrift
holding companies, so they can establish banks to make car loans nationwide.
Other businesses, such as General Electric, Nordstrom, John Deere and Macy's,
are chartered in the same way to issue credit cards or make loans to their
customers. Chrysler would also be eligible, Treasury officials said.

Helping such businesses could put the Treasury in the tricky situation of
picking winners and losers within the economy, a far cry from restoring the free
flow of credit in the financial system, which was the original intention of the
rescue package, some analysts said. It could lead to a long line of companies
heading to the Treasury for aid, especially if the holiday shopping season is as
disastrous as retailers are forecasting.

Automakers are among the most troubled of the bunch. Their financing arms make
more money than the cars themselves. Yet the credit crisis has all but frozen
this part of the business, making it difficult for shoppers to get the loans to
buy cars and even for dealers to finance their inventory.

Auto sales for GM, Ford and Chrysler are all down by double-digit percentages.
Last week, the companies cut a variety of employee benefits and thousands of
jobs to preserve cash. In a sign of further problems ahead, credit-rating
agencies are considering downgrading GM's financing arm, which would make it
more expensive to raise money.

In a year, Detroit's Big Three might shrink to the Big Two as manufacturers burn
through cash, according to some analysts. Chrysler is in talks to merge with GM
or partner with a combination of Nissan and Renault.

Detroit has turned to the government for help. Though Congress rushed to pass a
$25 billion loan package aimed at boosting production of energy-efficient
vehicles, the money could come too late and could not be used freely by
automakers.

An industry source, who spoke on condition of anonymity because this person was
not authorized to speak for the companies, said the Energy Department was
accelerating the first $5 billion installment to assist a merger of GM and
Chrysler. But Healy E. Baumgardner, an Energy Department spokeswoman, said it
was accelerating the process to get the money to Detroit but dismissed
speculation that a check could be cut imminently.

"To talk about a timetable or any monetary amount is premature," she said.

Last week, the Michigan congressional delegation, headed by Rep. John D. Dingell
(D), implored Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. and Federal Reserve
Chairman Ben S. Bernanke to use their "broad regulatory authority" to "promote
liquidity in the U.S. auto industry."

But Daniel Mitchell, a senior fellow at the Cato Institute, said the government
bailouts did not offer deteriorating companies the right incentives to improve
business.

"When you have taxpayers come in and bail out Detroit, you in effect are sending
a message: You don't need to make yourself more efficient to meet the challenge
of foreign competition. You just need to hire the right lobbyists and
influence-peddlers in Washington to get money for you," he said.

Over the past few weeks, auto companies have been meeting with Treasury
officials. In recent days, GM chairman and chief executive G. Richard Wagoner
Jr. has been lobbying officials from the Energy and Treasury departments for
quick relief.

"Automakers do have financing arms, many of them do," White House press
secretary Dana Perino said yesterday. "And it's possible that some of those
financing arms could be a part of the rescue package . . . That's one of the
reasons Treasury has been in contact with them."

The Treasury confirmed that statement but noted that such companies are
ineligible for the capital purchase program, in which the government has been
providing investments in exchange for ownership stakes in banks.

"Basically, they're not banks," said an official familiar with the Treasury's
policy who spoke on condition of anonymity because the person was not authorized
to speak.

It is unclear how the Treasury would directly aid automakers. But the department
could buy troubled auto loans from them, freeing much-needed capital.

Scott Talbott, vice president of the Financial Services Roundtable, said
automakers finance so many loans that they are just as important as banks.

"The goal of the Treasury program is not to save companies but to restore
liquidity," he said. "We think [rescue package] money should be distributed to
those financial service companies that have a direct lending relationship with
consumers, such as Ford and GM, their auto-finance arms."

Analysts said any relief would be good news for Cerberus Capital Management,
which owns 51 percent of GMAC and all of Chrysler Financial. Last year, Cerberus
purchased a majority stake in Chrysler, and now it's looking to unload the
ailing automaker. The government's help means Cerberus would be free to funnel
money into a GM-Chrysler merger.

Michigan officials said the federal government had to step in. Too much is at
stake.

"Look at the footprint the auto industry has on our economy," said Liz Boyd,
spokeswoman for Michigan Gov. Jennifer M. Granholm (D). "It is critical the
federal government help this industry in a time of transition."

Staff writers Peter Whoriskey, Binyamin Appelbaum and Dan Eggen and staff
researcher Julie Tate contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Rick Bowmer -- Associated Press; The Big Three automakers
have turned to the government for help as they struggle with slumping sales.
IMAGE; By Lauren Victoria Burke -- Associated Press; Michigan lawmakers Rep.
John Dingell, center, Sen. Debbie Stabenow and Rep. Dale Kildee have sought aid
for the state's automakers.
IMAGE; By Paul Sakuma -- Associated Press; A broad interpretation of the law
that authorized the $700 billion rescue package makes automakers eligible for
U.S. aid, the Treasury says.
IMAGE; By David Zalubowski -- Associated Press; Sales for Detroit's Big Three
are all down by double-digit percentages. Here, the price of an Escape has been
reduced at a Ford dealer in Denver.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             494 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 26, 2008 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Dumbing Down an SUV Prodigy

BYLINE: Warren Brown; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 628 words


Ford Motor acts like a smart kid seeking popularity by acting dumb. It has all
of the stuff necessary to be at the head of the class, certainly enough to be
among those students on the dean's list or honor roll.

But it continually succumbs to the nonsense of "keeping it real," being like
everybody else, worse than the best.

The same silliness is manifested in politics, in the national hunger for a man
or woman of the people. We want our leaders to be as ordinary as we are. That is
why we often are led astray.

At Ford, this goofiness is manifested in the 2009 Ford Escape compact
sport-utility vehicle, the original version of which was introduced a decade
ago.

At birth, the Escape was something of a prodigy. It was small enough to make
sense in the city, rugged enough to survive in the outback, fuel-efficient
enough to get through an economic downturn.

It can be argued that the Escape was so good that it set an example for the
competition, especially in the category of fuel efficiency for small SUVs. But
like the smart kid afraid of losing dumb friends, the Escape, with the blessing
of its Ford parents, slowed its pace toward excellence, allowing competitors to
catch and pass it in the marketplace.

Let us, for example, consider the matter of brakes.

Disc brakes are more effective than drum brakes. Four-wheel disc brakes are
better at reducing stopping distance than an arrangement of disc brakes up front
and drum brakes in the rear.

The rival Honda CR-V, Toyota Rav4 and Hyundai Santa Fe -- Hyundai! -- all come
with ventilated discs up front and solid disc brakes in the rear. They all stop
smartly when those brakes are applied. What about the Escape?

Smart kids who value popularity over intellect or academic achievement
frequently do dumb things to sabotage their progress. Thus was the case with the
Ford Escape.

The Escape once came to us with disc brakes front and rear. That was a good
arrangement, a smart setup. But the Escape was losing the popularity contest in
styling. So, the people at Ford decided to spiff it up for model year 2008,
giving it a complete makeover inside and out, an effort highlighted by an
attractive chrome grille that simultaneously bespeaks elegance and ruggedness.

Interior materials were improved along with fit and finish and general
ergonomics. Horsepower was ramped up in the standard inline four-cylinder
Escape, as well as in the six-cylinder model driven for this column. Also, like
a teenager with the latest telecommunications and infotainment gizmos, the
Escape got all of those -- in the form of the onboard Microsoft/Ford Sync
communications system.

Apparently, the people at Ford thought that looking good, flexing more muscle
and getting hip with electronics were good enough -- because they proceeded to
do something unspeakably dumb. They replaced the Escape's rear disc brakes,
which worked wonderfully well, with substantially less effective rear drum
brakes.

The new Escape, as a result, is something of a dullard when it comes to
stopping. Its driver has to concentrate on keeping a safe stopping distance
between it and the vehicle ahead. That's something that drivers should do
anyway. But in the new Escape, maintaining a safe stopping distance is
mandatory.

I'm totally flummoxed here. I feel like a parent looking at the academic report
of a one-time "A" student who has brought home "Cs" and "Ds." I need to speak to
a counselor. I just don't get it.

Why would Ford do something as dumb as ditch highly effective four-wheel-disc
brakes for a front disc-rear drum setup? Was it to cut costs? Has mediocrity
become "Job One" at Ford? What's going on here? The answer escapes me.

ON WHEELS WITH WARREN BROWN Listen from noon to 1 p.m. Tuesdays on WMET World
Radio (1160 AM) or http://www.wmet1160.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Ford Via Wieck Media

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             495 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 15, 2008 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Goldman Sachs's Rich History

BYLINE: Daniel Gross,; a columnist for Newsweek and Slate

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 1112 words


THE PARTNERSHIP

The Making of Goldman Sachs

By Charles D. Ellis

Penguin Press. 729 pp. $37.95

Goldman, like McKinsey or Cravath or Madonna, is one of those fabulously wealthy
New York entities known by a single name. Goldman, of course, is Goldman Sachs,
the elite among Wall Street's remaining investment banks, a 130-year-old firm
that has managed to prosper in good times and bad. The last remaining major
private partnership on Wall Street until it went public in 1999, Goldman has
generated both larger-than-life profits and financial statesmen. In the past 60
years, as Charles D. Ellis notes in this doorstopper of a book, it has grown
from a small-time player into "a global juggernaut . . . with such strengths
that it operates with almost no external constraints in virtually any financial
market it chooses, on the terms it chooses, on the scale it chooses, when it
chooses, and with the partners it chooses." In the months since Ellis penned
those lines, Goldman, hammered by the credit crisis, has pulled in its horns
significantly.

How a small peddler of commercial paper grew into an enormously profitable,
highly respected firm is an epic story. But "The Partnership," though always
useful and occasionally riveting, isn't an epic history. Ellis, who founded
Greenwich Associates and is a longtime consultant to financial services
companies, cuts through the shrouds of mystery that surround Goldman, which
jealously guards its privacy, but his book reads more like a group of highly
accessible, well-informed case studies.

Marcus Goldman, a German Jewish immigrant, and his son-in-law Samuel Sachs
turned their firm into a powerhouse in the niche market of financing small
businesses in the 1890s. The firm began to break into the mainstream of Wall
Street by teaming up with Lehman Brothers and financing such companies as Sears
and Woolworth. Sidney Weinberg, who hired on to clean brass spittoons in 1907
and became the first non-family partner 20 years later, led the firm from 1930
to 1969.  Irreverent and whip-smart, Weinberg was the first Goldman Sachs leader
to assume a national profile, advising President Franklin D. Roosevelt and
becoming assistant to the chairman of the War Production Board.  Weinberg scored
a great coup by winning the assignment to manage Ford Motor Co.'s initial public
offering in January 1956.

Weinberg was one of many forceful personalities to lead the firm. He was
succeeded by Gus Levy, a New Orleans-born Tulane dropout who became a legendary
trader and nurtured a young recruit named Robert Rubin, who eventually became a
highly influential member of the Clinton administration. Ellis's descriptions of
how Goldman built the components of a universal investment banking firm -- asset
management, institutional sales, wealth management, block trading -- are highly
useful, especially to young MBAs. As Ellis points out, Weinberg protege John
Whitehead's " 'phalanx' organization -- ad hoc combinations into effective teams
of interchangeable specialists -- was virtually unstoppable against any
competitors organized in the old-fashioned 'one banker does it all' star
system."

Readers may leave the book wondering how -- and why -- Goldman sends so many of
its leaders to Washington. Whitehead, co-chairman at Goldman in the late 1970s
and early '80s, served as deputy secretary of state in the second Reagan
administration.  Rubin's co-managing partner, Steve Friedman, served as director
of President George W. Bush's National Economic Council. Jon Corzine, who led
the firm in the mid-1990s, entered politics after he was pushed out in 1999 (he
is now governor of New Jersey). His ouster from Goldman was engineered by Henry
Paulson, who is now the Treasury  secretary.

Ellis enjoyed privileged access to the partners of Goldman, who have been his
clients for many years. And while he serves up plenty of pabulum -- "Niceness,
intensity, and integrity are the three key words to describe Goldman Sachs," he
quotes one partner as saying--  he also exposes Goldman's many warts. The firm
dropped a series of dot-com bombs on the public in the 1990s and had to pay a
hefty fine as part of Wall Street's settlement over research practices (the firm
bizarrely takes pride in having paid only $110 million, while archrival Morgan
Stanley paid $125 million). He recounts in great detail the work Goldman did for
rogue financier Robert Maxwell and mentions a 1970 episode in which a Goldman
recruiter told a Stanford student that he couldn't be considered for a job
because he was black.

Ellis is at his best in providing insight into the behavior of the firm's Type A
mind-set.  Friedman, left to run the firm alone when Rubin joined the Clinton
administration, stepped down in 1994 after suffering a health scare. Since his
announcement came just after the firm had racked up big trading losses, Friedman
-- an all-Ivy wrestler at Cornell -- was tagged as a quitter. Corzine, who
doesn't seem to have sat for interviews, comes across as self-aggrandizing, a
dangerous freelancer. "It's not that he always thinks he's right; it's that he
knows he's right," said partner Bob Hurst of Corzine. "That's dangerous." In
Ellis's telling, the coup organized against Corzine by Paulson and several
others seems to have been deserved.

Given that Paulson is effectively running the economy for the next several
months, I looked forward in particular to the chapter on him. He's described as
"pragmatic, hard working, disciplined, and determined" and "so consistently
serious that it must have been a bit much for others." While Ellis is great on
how Paulson and his colleagues mastered the nuts and bolts of Wall Street, I was
left wanting more insight into what, beyond money, drove these people and why
they were propelled onto the national stage.

Finally, the risk of writing about existing companies is that the last chapter
can frequently become inoperative. Ellis closes with a discussion of current CEO
Lloyd Blankfein's strategy to marry the traditional role of agency (acting on
behalf of clients) and principal (using the firm's own money). While Goldman
hasn't gone bust like its old partner Lehman Brothers, it has taken some hits. A
large hedge fund that Goldman started lost nearly 40 percent of its value in
2007. To avoid the fate of Bear Stearns and Lehman, Goldman is transforming
itself from a sexy investment bank into a more staid commercial bank, able to
take deposits. And in September, to stave off a potential run on the bank, it
turned to Warren Buffett, who invested several billion dollars but demanded a 10
percent interest rate. Now a subprime borrower, Goldman faces a growing number
of external constraints.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             496 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 12, 2008 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

Battered by Industry Slump, GM and Chrysler Hold Merger Talks

BYLINE: Sholnn Freeman; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 679 words


General Motors and Chrysler, bruised by the severe industry downturn, have held
preliminary discussions about combining operations, including a full-scale
merger, according to people familiar with the talks. It was unclear over the
weekend whether the discussions were progressing and what, if anything, would
result.

Spokesmen at GM and Cerberus Capital Management, the private-equity group that
owns Chrysler, declined to comment. In a statement, Chrysler said "the company
is looking at a number of potential global partnerships as it explores growth
opportunities around the world" but added there was no further announcement to
make.

An official at one of the companies with knowledge of the discussions said the
situation appears to be "fluid" as Cerberus pursues other potential buyers for
Chrysler. The officials familiar with the talks spoke on the condition of
anonymity because they weren't authorized to be quoted about the discussions.

Both GM and Chrysler have been hit hard by the global credit crisis and by a
pullback in consumer spending.  People  are having more difficulty getting auto
loans. GM's U.S. sales have dropped 17 percent  this year, while Chrysler's have
slumped 25 percent.

GM's share price this week plunged to its lowest level since 1950 on fears that
it  would not  weather the downturn.

Detroit's automakers, including Ford, have been dogged by bankruptcy rumors all
year. J.D. Power and Associates  said last week that the global auto industry
might  experience an "outright collapse" in 2009. The New York Times reported
yesterday  that GM also held merger talks in July with Ford that ended with Ford
rebuffing GM. Ford officials couldn't be reached for comment last night.

The dash for industry pairings and the possibility that a dramatic step  would
sweep aside Chrysler, an 83-year-old American icon, shows  how weak economic
conditions could reorder the automotive landscape, analysts say.

A GM-Chrysler merger could also affect the future of GMAC Financial Services,
the giant housing and auto financing division that GM partly spun off to
Cerberus in 2006. Like other financial institutions, GMAC has been confronted
with enormous difficulty in tapping the capital markets as other lending
institutions pull back. That difficulty in turn restricts GMAC's ability to lend
money to automotive dealers, car buyers and homeowners. Cerberus owns 51 percent
of GMAC.

Chrysler, the smallest of Detroit's Big Three, has changed hands twice in the
past decade. In 1998, the company shifted from a stand-alone U.S. public company
by pairing up with Germany's Daimler-Benz. In 2007, Cerberus purchased an 81
percent stake in Chrysler, becoming the latest owner.

Last month, Cerberus and Daimler confirmed that talks were under way for Daimler
to sell its remaining stake in Chrysler to Cerberus. David Healy, analyst with
Burnham Securities, said the sale would give Cerberus the flexibility to pursue
new joint venture deals.

Healy said big automotive mergers usually don't work out.

"A lot of money could be saved on joint ventures -- new powertrains, new models,
alternative fuel vehicles, hybrids," Healy said. "Whether you need a full merger
to accomplish that, I'm a little skeptical."

For Chrysler's workers, a new owner could open a painful new chapter. Fear
already runs deep given the company's turbulent history, including brushes with
financial disaster in the late 1970s  and takeover battles with billionaire
investor Kirk Kerkorian in the 1990s.

Last year, during contract negotiations with the United Auto Workers, union
workers at Chrysler struck the automaker for six hours. At one point, police
briefly sealed off highway ramps near the company's Auburn Hills, Mich.,
headquarters as angry workers filled the streets.

The current downturn is worsening the jobs trend in the U.S. auto industry. Over
the past eight years, Michigan has lost 47 percent of its vehicle manufacturing
jobs and 27 percent of other manufacturing jobs, according to a government
analysis. Nationally, the losses have been about 21 percent in each category.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE; Photos By Rebecca Cook -- Reuters; General Motors' U.S. sales have
dropped 17 percent so far this year, while Chrysler's have slumped 25 percent.
And GM's share price this week plunged to its lowest level since 1950.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             497 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 11, 2008 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

NATIONAL BRIEFING

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 606 words

BANKING

Regulators Clear Wachovia Deal

Federal antitrust regulators cleared Wells Fargo's $11.7 billion acquisition of
Wachovia, capping a weeklong battle for the Charlotte, N.C.-based bank.

The rapid approval comes after Citigroup walked away late Thursday from its own
efforts to buy Wachovia. Citigroup broke off talks with Wells Fargo and federal
regulators after the suitors failed to reach an agreement over how to split up
the bank.

San Francisco-based Wells Fargo plans to complete the deal by the end of the
fourth quarter. The acquisition still needs the approval of Wachovia
shareholders.

REGULATORS

SEC Faulted Over Bear Probe

An official at the Securities and Exchange Commission failed to properly enforce
securities laws in the agency's investigation of investment bank Bear Stearns'
valuation of complex securities, the agency's watchdog said in a report made
public yesterday.

The SEC inspector general, H. David Kotz, found that the SEC's Miami office
should have brought a case against Bear Stearns and another company rather than
closing the inquiry in the summer of 2007 without enforcement action.

Members of the SEC staff "expressed surprise that the case had been closed, and
no plausible reasons for its closing were provided" by managers in the Miami
office, the report says.

The SEC's enforcement staff disputed the report's findings.

The critical report follows another issued by Kotz late last month that found
the SEC's oversight of Bear Stearns and other big Wall Street banks was lacking.
Bear Stearns nearly collapsed in March and was purchased by rival J.P. Morgan
Chase with a $29 billion federal backstop.

EXECUTIVES

Ford Replaces CFO

Ford said Chief Financial Officer Don LeClair will retire, ending his 32-year
career at one of the most tumultuous and uncertain times in the automaker's
history. LeClair joined Ford in 1976 and became chief financial officer in 2003.
His departure is effective Nov. 1.

The automaker named Lewis Booth as LeClair's replacement. Booth previously
served as executive vice president for Ford of Europe, Volvo and Ford Export
Operations and Global Growth Initiatives. He also served as chairman of Ford of
Europe and remains chairman of Volvo.

TRANSPORTATION

Amtrak Ridership Sets Record

Amtrak said annual ridership rose to a record for the sixth year in a row as
higher gasoline prices led more travelers to use trains.

Ridership increased by about 2.9 million passengers, or 11 percent, to 28.7
million in the fiscal year ending Sept. 30, according to the railroad. Ticket
revenue rose 14.2 percent, to $1.7 billion.

The U.S. Senate passed a bill Oct. 1 that would more than double funding for
Amtrak, to $13.1 billion over five years.

RETAIL

Macy's Lowers Profit Forecast

Macy's, the second-biggest U.S. department-store chain, said profit this year
would fall more than it anticipated as the U.S. economy and consumer confidence
weaken. The shares fell as much as 19 percent.

Macy's is the latest retailer to project earnings declines as the global credit
crisis deepens, retirement accounts plunge and shoppers spend less. Department
stores have been hit especially hard because people aren't spending much on
anything other than the basics. J.C. Penney, Kohl's and Nordstrom lowered their
forecasts for the third quarter earlier this week.

Macy's said earnings per share may fall to $1.30 to $1.50 for the year ending
Jan. 31, rather than its Aug. 13 projection of $1.70 to $1.85. Sixteen analysts
surveyed by Bloomberg estimated profit of $1.74. Last year, the company earned
$2.15.

Compiled from reports by Washington Post staff writers, the Associated Press and
Bloomberg News.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Gerald Martineau -- The Washington Post; Amtrak ridership
rose 11 percent, to 28.7 million passengers, in the fiscal year ended Sept. 30.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             498 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 10, 2008 Friday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Detroit's Ills Symptomatic Of a Manufacturing Plague

BYLINE: Peter Slevin; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1366 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


First it was the outsourcing of components, and then vehicle assembly. Then
gasoline prices shot up, slashing demand for trucks and sport-utility vehicles.
Now, just when things seemed as if they could not get any worse here, the credit
crunch and the subsequent stock market meltdown have dealt powerful new blows to
the nation's already reeling car industry.

Concern that tightening credit and an overall economic downturn will lead fewer
people to buy new cars sent General Motors' stock price plunging 31 percent
Thursday to close at $4.76, the lowest since 1950. Ford Motor fell 21 percent,
closing at $2.08.

Thursday's automobile stock sell-offs sparked new concern among economists and
investors that the U.S. manufacturing sector, which had been slowly
constricting, may be squeezed to an unimagined degree by the turmoil on Wall
Street, posing a serious new economic threat at a time when the nation is
already struggling with a financial sector collapse.

Nowhere is the pain more evident than in Michigan. Falling sales of vehicles and
heavy equipment have sent ripples through the manufacturing food chain. The
state's unemployment rate is now 9 percent, the highest in the nation. One in 16
home mortgages is "seriously delinquent," trailing only Florida and Nevada.

"It's devastating,"  said Gov. Jennifer Granholm (D), who added that Michigan
has lost nearly 400,000 manufacturing jobs since 2000. "Companies . . . that are
already slammed by globalization are being slammed by the credit crunch."

GM's market capitalization now stands at $2.69 billion. The day after the 1929
stock market crash,  the company was worth seven times as much in
inflation-adjusted dollars, according to market historian Bryan Taylor of Global
Financial Data.

The current crisis is worsening a long-term trend for the U.S. auto industry.
Over the past eight years, Michigan has lost 47 percent of its vehicle
manufacturing jobs and 27 percent of other manufacturing jobs, according to a
government analysis. Nationally, the losses have been about 21 percent in each
category.

In an economic downturn, automobile companies are often the first to feel the
pinch as consumers postpone expensive purchases. Industry sales dropped last
month to levels not seen in almost 20 years. Ford fell 34.5 percent compared
with the previous September; Chrysler, 32.8 percent; and General Motors, 15.6
percent. Even Toyota, known for fuel efficiency, saw sales drop by 32.3 percent.

Not since 1993 had automakers sold fewer than 1 million cars in a single month.
Yet with fear ruling the marketplace and banks reluctant to lend money even to
borrowers with strong credit, analysts believe next year's numbers are likely to
be as bad.

That means lower revenue for automakers and less money to spend on needed
innovation. It means fewer jobs beyond the factory gate. According to David E.
Cole, a researcher in Ann Arbor, Mich.,  every auto plant job generates nine
jobs among suppliers and the surrounding community -- four times the multiplier
of a typical Wall Street slot.

Ford senior economist Emily Kolinski Morris, who likened an economy without
credit to an engine without oil, said: "The dire warnings are not terribly
overstated."

Inside a former Cadillac factory in Detroit, Frank Venegas runs Ideal Group, an
array of businesses, some closely connected to the auto industry. He is
accustomed to doing $100 million worth of annual construction work for GM, but
he expects to see fewer construction cranes and is already shipping fewer steel
beams for private homes.

"I used to ship 30 beams a day," Venegas said. "Today, I might only ship three a
week."

The uncertainty enveloping the automakers makes it hard for vendors to bid on
projects and risky to invest in equipment. The sharp decline in production often
means sudden drops in automakers' need for components. That makes it difficult
for suppliers to plan, not knowing whether they will be able to recoup their up
front expenses.

"All of a sudden, your order decreases 30 to 40 percent and it's hard to figure
a business plan for what's going to happen," Venegas said. As business leaders
become tighter with a dollar, their caution further dampens the local economy.

U.S. auto companies and suppliers cut 18,000 jobs last month, with many of the
losses coming in firms that produced components for trucks and sport-utility
vehicles, whose allure plummeted as gas prices reached $4 a gallon.

The ripples are real. The city of St. Clair, about an hour north of Detroit,
lost more than $100,000 in annual tax revenue. Among the contractors that lost
business were trash haulers, carpet and laundry cleaners, shippers and vending
machine operators.

In Port Huron, one hour north of Detroit, Blue Water Automotive Systems, a maker
of molded plastic parts for car interiors, filed for bankruptcy protection in
February. After a $16 million deal to sell the company fell apart in July, Blue
Water shuttered all but one of its plants, selling the remaining one to an Iowa
company.

About 1,000 employees lost their jobs, including Darren Reaume, who was laid off
Sept. 25.

"I feel lost," said Reaume, 25, who is making some new financial calculations.

"How long until my car's repo'd? That's the first thing on my mind. I've got two
kids and a wife. I've got to keep the electricity on and the heat on and pay my
rent," he said.

His conclusion: "We can make it to the end of the year, juggling."

In Ypsilanti, 30 minutes west of Detroit, the steady downsizing of a Ford
supplier knocked a $700,000 hole in the city's $14 million annual budget, part
of a difficult stretch for a town that had 130 employees in 2000 and has 107
now.

"There isn't really any way we can make that up, so we have to cut," Mayor Paul
Schreiber (D) said, explaining that the city of 22,000 closed its park and
recreation department and now relies on volunteers.

Eleanor Walker runs a nonprofit organization  in Ypsilanti called Hope America,
which teaches financial literacy and works to prevent foreclosures. In her
office are 50 open files belonging to Washtenaw County residents now in default.
She estimates that 75 percent had auto industry connections.

"They were making $60,000 or $100,000. Now these people are making, like,
$30,000 or less without health benefits and they can't make it," Weaver said.
"The situation has just paralyzed them."

Charla Messner's case illustrates the double-whammy of the summer's gas price
spike and the current credit squeeze. She is 11 weeks into an "indefinite
layoff" at a Ford truck plant that made powerful V-8 engines, precisely the kind
of gas-thirsty equipment that many drivers have stopped buying.

When the troubles hit and production dropped, Messner downsized, giving up her
Ford F-150 pickup truck for a Ford Focus and trading down to a smaller home.
"Just reducing my standard of living," she said.

Michael C. DiGiovanni, GM's director of global industry analysis, said the
automaker is flying as blind as anyone else amid a credit crisis far more severe
than anticipated. GM posted a $15.5 billion second-quarter loss. Ford lost $7.8
billion.

"We're in uncharted waters," DiGiovanni said. "Right now there's so much
uncertainty, plans are being revised constantly."

Pleading hard knocks at a time when they are burning cash to design and build
cars they hope Americans will buy, the Big Three automakers persuaded Congress
to approve a $25 billion loan to retool aging factories. A new labor contract,
largely dictated by the economic downturn, will reduce the manufacturers' costs
when it takes effect next year.

U.S. auto executives, burned before by economic troubles and undone by their own
shortsightedness, are banking on the next generation of fuel-efficient cars. A
billboard on Interstate 94 east of the Detroit airport advertises the Chevy
Volt, a hybrid designed around a lithium-ion battery.

"Fully charged 2010," the billboard says.

Michigan can only hope so.

"I think there's a light at the end of the tunnel," Annette Sykora, chairman of
the National Automobile Dealers Association, told a gathering this week at the
Detroit Athletic Club. "I just don't know how long the tunnel is."

Staff writer Kari Lydersen in Chicago contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Virginia

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Bill Pugliano -- Getty Images; Ford Motor's stock price fell
21 percent over concerns that the nation's economic crisis will devastate auto
sales.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             499 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                               Washingtonpost.com

                      October 10, 2008 Friday 6:20 AM EST

Why I Don't Like 21st-Century Reports

BYLINE: Jay Mathews, Washington Post Staff Writer, washingtonpost.com

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1268 words



HIGHLIGHT: Another well-intentioned report on the future of American schools
reached my cubicle recently: "21st Century Skills, Education and
Competitiveness: A Resource and Policy Guide." It is available on the Web at
www.21stcenturyskills.org/index.php. It is full of facts and colorful
illustrations, with foresight and relevance worthy of the fine organizations
that funded it -- the National Education Association, the KnowledgeWorks
Foundation, the Ford Motor Company Fund and the Tucson-based Partnership for
21st Century Skills, a leading education advocacy organization that also
produced the report and sent it to me and many other people.


Another well-intentioned report on the future of American schools reached my
cubicle recently: "21st Century Skills, Education and Competitiveness: A
Resource and Policy Guide." It is available on the Web at
www.21stcenturyskills.org/index.php. It is full of facts and colorful
illustrations, with foresight and relevance worthy of the fine organizations
that funded it -- the National Education Association, the KnowledgeWorks
Foundation, the Ford Motor Company Fund and the Tucson-based Partnership for
21st Century Skills, a leading education advocacy organization that also
produced the report and sent it to me and many other people.

So why, after reading it, did I feel like tossing it into the waste basket?

Maybe this is just my problem. Maybe everyone else who obsesses about schools
loves these reports. There certainly are a lot of them. I seem to get at least
one a month. There must be a big demand.

The reports are usually sponsored by energetic organizations, like the ones
above, that have devoted themselves to making schools better for our children.
They include business groups, teachers unions, think tanks, government agencies
and universities. They have a lot of meetings about what the report should say,
hire good writers, editors and graphic artists, put in long days and late
nights, print up and put online the results, hold news conferences, answer
questions and think about their next report.

The problem I have is that these major pronouncements often seem to have been
conceived and written by people who are miles away from real classrooms. Many of
the producers and writers, I am sure, have been educators. They know what it is
like to work with children for whom the notion of a 21st-century classroom is as
inexplicable -- and maybe as laughable -- as the school janitor coming to work
in a spacesuit. But so little of that hard-earned knowledge of the grungy
unpredictability of teaching ever finds its way into their big national studies.

This latest report is a perfect example. The first three paragraphs summarize
its point very nicely, decorated with the ellipses that are common in this form
of communication:

"In an economy driven by innovation and knowledge . . . in marketplaces engaged
in intense competition and constant renewal . . . in a world of tremendous
opportunities and risks . . . in a society facing complex business, political,
scientific, technological, health and environmental challenges . . . and in
diverse workplaces and communities that hinge on collaborative relationships and
social networking . . . the ingenuity, agility and skills of the American people
are crucial to U.S. competitiveness.

"Our ability to compete as a nation -- and for states, regions and communities
to attract growth industries and create jobs -- demands a fresh approach to
public education. We need to recognize that a 21st century education is the
bedrock of competitiveness -- the engine, not simply an input, of the economy.

"And we need to act accordingly: Every aspect of our education system --
preK--12, postsecondary and adult education, after-school and youth development,
workforce development and training, and teacher preparation programs -- must be
aligned to prepare citizens with the 21st century skills they need to compete."

Okay. Sounds good. I kept reading. There was much detail, accompanied by pie
charts and graphs and photos of smiling children, about the growth of
information service jobs, the lagging improvement in student proficiency and the
changing demographic character of the country. It listed the "21st century
skills" that our children need for the rapidly evolving labor market. These
included thinking critically and making judgments, solving complex,
multidisciplinary, open-ended problems, developing creative and entrepreneurial
thinking, communicating and collaborating, making innovative use of knowledge,
information and opportunities and taking charge of financial, health and civic
responsibilities.

Good stuff. I liked all of those suggestions. I had only one question: How in
the name of every teacher who has ever contemplated suicide during the unit on
fractions are we supposed to make those things happen?

Tragically, the report ran out of steam at that point, as do most of these
heavily promoted studies. It said that we need to get support from voters,
employers and educators. Fine. It recommended new positions and budget items in
federal, state and local offices, for instance, a senior adviser to the
president for 21st-century skills, 21st-century skills offices at both the
education and labor departments, a $2 billion research and development fund, and
so on.

I looked carefully, but it never explained how teachers are going to find the
time to introduce all these skills to students who, at the moment, are still
struggling with plain old reading, writing and math.

Maybe that will be the topic of the next report. Maybe I am not appreciating the
importance of painting the big picture so everyone knows where we have to go. I
showed a draft of this column to a spokesman for the Partnership for 21st
Century Skills. He said many schools are already successfully incorporating the
report's ideas into their lessons. He said the Catalina Foothills district in
Tucson has "completely revamped their education system around 21st-century
skills." Progress has also been made at schools in Lawrence Township, Ind.,
Manassas, Virginia Beach, Milwaukee and Darlington, Wis.

I welcome e-mails from anyone involved in those schools on what specific changes
have been made. I will be keeping an eye on the introduction of 21st-century
skills in Manassas, not far from where I sit. My Post colleague Jennifer Buske
wrote in August of initial moves in this direction by Manassas Superintendent
Gail Pope. The organizations involved in the 21st-century effort are staffed by
good people. I am going to assume that we agree that we need to look closely at
the details of teaching these skills, and in that spirit I want to make two
suggestions.

First, please try to avoid the lethal disease that infects so many of these
studies. I call it All-at-once-itis. That refers to the irresistible urge to
insist that the changes have to be accomplished ALL AT ONCE, or we will fall
short of our important objectives. In past columns, I noted the appearance of
this ailment in otherwise admirable reports such as "Tough Choices or Tough
Times" (2006) or " 'Restoring Value' to the High School Diploma" (2007). In this
democracy we never make good changes all at once. The presidential campaign and
economic crisis are proof of that. So please don't tell us we have to.

Second -- and this will wreak havoc with report deadlines -- why not wait to
release your recommendations until you have tried them out on at least two or
three schools with a few hundred students? I won't insist on proof of success. I
just want to get a sense of how young human beings, and their teachers, react to
all these new hoops they must jump through. (This will also help stifle my
suspicion that you don't actually know how to do any of the things you are
suggesting.)

No one is going to pay attention to what I want, of course. The report writers
know I will keep reading their stuff, full of hope that I will eventually find
some classroom reality among all the pie charts.

I am not saying the people who issue these pronouncements are wrong. Many of
their ideas are excellent. But if we are going to make them happen, they have to
show us what it is going to take, besides just more concerned citizens spending
more money to produce more reports like this one.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2008 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive
                              All Rights Reserved


                             500 of 1668 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             October 5, 2008 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

He Said It

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F02

LENGTH: 66 words


"It was tantamount, really, to a natural disaster."

-- George Pipas, Ford's top sales analyst, describing the slowdown in auto sales
toward the end of September as Congress debated the government's $700 billion
bailout of the financial industry. Ford, Toyota and Chrysler reported sales
declines of more than 30 percent in the month because of tight credit, economic
worries and high gasoline prices.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved



---- End of Request ----
Download Request: Select Items: 1-500
Time Of Request: Wednesday, March 05, 2014  13:23:31 EST

