
                               1 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           December 21, 2013 Saturday

News Corp. acquisition

BYLINE: Claire Atkinson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 141 words


News Corp. is paying $25 million to acquire Storyful, a social-media news
agency, the company said Friday.

The firm combs social-media outlets for both video and potential news stories,
which it then serves up to a range of clients, including news organizations and
ad agencies.

Both CEO Mark Little and Executive Editor David Clinch will remain with the
company. Storyful will become a separate entity within News Corp., which also
houses media brands including The New York Post, The Wall Street Journal and
Barron's.

News Corp. CEO Robert Thomson said the move was aimed at accelerating the
digital transformation of the company.

"In a world overflowing with digital dross, Storyful surfaces and authenticates
news and video amidst the cacophony, using cutting-edge technology and
traditional journalistic expertise," Thomson said.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 12, 2013 Tuesday

In a first, $38M Q1 profits

BYLINE: Claire Atkinson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 245 words


News Corp. reported Monday a net profit of $38 million in the quarter ended
Sept. 30, compared with a loss of $83 million a year earlier.

Revenue in the period fell 2.9 percent to $2.07 billion.

It was the first quarterly report from recently independent News Corp., which
separated most of its non-newspaper businesses into a new company called 21st
Century Fox in July.

Fox houses a Hollywood studio and cable and TV network operations.

"Our first quarter as the new News was the beginning of a journey in the digital
development of the company," CEO Robert Thomson said in a statement.

News Corp., whose publishing properties include The Post and the Wall Street
Journal, said the decline in revenue reflected a drop in demand for print
advertising, primarily in Australian publications.

First-quarter earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or
Ebitda, rose 58 percent to $141 million.

Ebitda at the News and Information Services unit was up 6 percent, to $133
million, the company said in a statement.

Digital Real Estate Services, the second-largest segment, saw its Ebitda rise 26
percent to $44 million.

News Corp. also houses Australian newspapers and the digital real-estate
business among other assets such as Foxtel, a pay-TV venture.

News Corp. shares, up 10.3 percent since trading independently, fell 2.4 percent
in after hours trading following the release of the quarterly results.

catkinson@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

Profits are back in print

BYLINE: Claire Atkinson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 239 words


News Corp. returned to profitability in the year ended June 30 as revenue
climbed 2.7 percent.

The publishing company, which owns the Wall Street Journal and The Post,
reported a profit of $506 million, or 87 cents a share, in the period, compared
with a loss of $2.08 billion a year earlier.

At the end of the fiscal year, News Corp. split into two publicly traded
companies - 21st Century Fox, which houses the TV, cable and entertainment
properties, and News Corp., which houses newspapers alongside book publisher
HarperCollins, Australian pay-TV assets such as FoxTel and an educational arm.

Revenue rose to $9 billion, according to the company's regulatory filing.

News Corp. CEO Robert Thomson has said he is planning to grow the print
publications through digital initiatives. The Wall Street Journal said Thursday
it is adding to its technology team and parting ways with the founders of
digital website, AllThingsD, Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg.

The company also said it will pay a dividend at some point in the future,
without specifying the date or the amount.

Shares fell 1.4 percent to $16.64 at the close in New York and have gained 5.3
percent since the split from 21st Century Fox in June.

The loss in the prior year resulted from a non-cash charge of $2.8 billion in
the fourth quarter of the 12 months ended June 2012, principally related to its
Australian newspaper business.

With Bloomberg

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

Soaring qtr. for 21st Fox

BYLINE: Garett Sloane

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 158 words


21st Century Fox, the television and film company recently split off from News
Corp., reported income from continuing operations in the last quarter soared 64
percent on strong revenue gains.

Income from operations reached $977 million, or 42 cents a share, compared with
$596 million, or 25 cents, last year.

Revenue jumped 16 percent to $7.21 billion, beating Wall Street expectations.

It was the first quarterly report by the company since the late-June split from
its publishing business - which retained the News Corp. name.

The Post is owned by News Corp.

21st Century Fox attributed it bottom-line growth to success at its F/X, Fox
News and other cable networks. The TV unit, slowed by lower ratings, didn't
perform as well, the company said.

"21st Century Fox is poised to deliver continued innovation for our customers as
well as sustained growth and long-term value for our stockholders," CEO Rupert
Murdoch said in a statement.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 14, 2013 Friday

Murdoch divorce filing

BYLINE:

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 126 words


Rupert Murdoch has moved to divorce his wife of 14 years, Wendi Deng Murdoch,
according to a filing with New York State Supreme Court. A spokeswoman for News
Corporation, which owns the New York Post, confirmed that Rupert Murdoch had
filed the papers yesterday morning, and his court papers said the "relationship
between husband and wife has broken down irretrievably." They have two
daughters, Grace, 11, and Chloe, 9, and live in New York. Murdoch, 82, met Deng,
44, when she was an executive at his company's Star TV division in Hong Kong.
They wed in 1999 aboard the media mogul's 155-foot yacht in New York Harbor. We
understand a prenuptial agreement is in place. Ira E. Garr of law firm Garr
Silpe is representing Rupert Murdoch in the divorce.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 7, 2013 Friday

New 'Idol,' 'Factor' boss

BYLINE: Post staff writer

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 87

LENGTH: 56 words


Fox has brought in its former sports chief, David Hill, to oversee "American
Idol" and "The X Factor."

"Idol's" 12th season, which ended last month, was its least-watched, while Simon
Cowell's "X Factor" has struggled.

Hill was instrumental in snaring NFL rights for Fox in 1993 and is currently a
senior executive VP at News Corp.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 29, 2013 Wednesday

New News Corp. has a new look

BYLINE: Claire Atkinson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 252 words


News Corp. unveiled a new script logo yesterday for its soon-to-be stand-alone
publishing company.

The new look - based on the handwriting of founder Rupert Murdoch and his father
- replaces the criss-crossed globe and block lettering of the current logo.

The new logo was unveiled after a one-day investor meeting where Murdoch told
analysts the publishing company was "undervalued and underdeveloped."

The publishing company, which will house The Post, Wall Street Journal, the UK's
The Times and The Sun, and book publisher HarperCollins - along with the
Australian newspaper and pay-TV assets - officially sails June 28.

Murdoch will become executive chairman of the new News Corp.

While Web search companies had eaten into the print ad business, Murdoch said he
didn't see an increasing threat from either Yahoo! or Facebook, adding that the
new company was being very realistic about the current advertising economy.

When asked about harnessing talent in a world of do-it-yourself blogs, incoming
CEO of News Corp. Robert Thomson said the company offers one of the most
powerful platforms.

"We can leverage a talented person's ability, and the profile is unmatched
anywhere in the world," Thomson said.

Dow Jones CEO Lex Fenwick talked about other expansion plans, adding that the
Wall Street Journal could charge more for its products.

"When we look at the competition, we are underpriced," Fenwick said, adding that
the company is also developing new products.

catkinson@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Namely: Logo takes cursive look.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 25, 2013 Saturday

News Corp. bd. OKs split

BYLINE: Claire Atkinson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 194 words


News Corp. said its board approved a plan to split the company's entertainment
and publishing assets into separate companies.

The company expects to complete the split by June 28.

The board also authorized a $500 million stock-repurchase program for the new
publishing company, which will retain the News Corp. name. News Corp. owns The
Post.

The company said it would book a pretax charge of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion
this quarter to write down the value of its publishing assets.

The publishing company also adopted a shareholder-rights plan designed to
prevent a hostile takeover. The "poison pill" will be triggered when any single
shareholder amasses a 15 percent stake.

News Corp. also announced new directors for both companies. The entertainment
company, 21st Century Fox, named top Christian Dior executive Delphine Arnault;
former Ford CEO Jacques Nasser; and Robert Silberman, chief of Strayer
Education, to its board.

The new News Corp. tapped Italian newspaper executive John Elkann; Ana Paula
Pessoa, a partner at p.r. firm Brunswick; financial expert Masroor Siddiqui; and
Robert Thomson, CEO of the News Corp. publishing company.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

News Corp.'s net up on cable

BYLINE: Claire Atkinson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 276 words


News Corp., driven by gains in its domestic and international cable networks,
reported that profits in the three months ended March 31 tripled from the
year-ago period.

Net income rose to $2.85 billion, or $1.22 a share, from $937 million, or 38
cents.

Revenue advanced 14 percent to $9.54 billion.

Operating income at the media company's cable networks rose 17 percent to $993
million - driven by a 17 percent increase in revenue.

Affiliate revenue for cable networks such as FX, Fox News and the company's
regional sports networks rose on average by 11 percent in the US and 42 percent
internationally.

Domestic ad revenue gained by 2 percent.

News Corp. stock added 2.8 percent in after-hours trading, after closing at
$31.86 during regular trading hours.

The company, headed by Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch, is preparing to split
into two publicly traded companies in the coming weeks.

One company, which will retain the News Corp. name, will contain its publishing
assets, including the Wall Street Journal and The Post.

The second company, to be called 21st Century Fox, will house the movie- and
TV-related businesses.

News Corp. President and Chief Operating Officer Chase Carey told analysts to
expect separate investor days for each company in the coming months.

The print company will host an event on May 28, and 21st Century Fox will be in
early August. That date has yet to be determined.

Carey noted the strength of the cable businesses and highlighted upcoming
launches, including Fox Sports 1 and the new entertainment channel FXX.

"Sports has been a driving force for our entire channels business," he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday

Stream heat on Fox mulls cable switch to foil Aereo's inroads

BYLINE: Claire Atkinson

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 511 words


TV broadcasters are threatening to go nuclear in the battle over Barry Diller's
renegade startup, Aereo.

News Corp. Chief Operating Officer Chase Carey dropped a bombshell on the TV
industry yesterday when he revealed that the company might convert its Fox
broadcast network into a cable channel to prevent Aereo from pirating its
signal.

"This is not an ideal path we look to pursue, but we can't sit idly by and let
an entity steal our signal," Carey said at an annual gathering of broadcasters
in Las Vegas. (News Corp. also owns The Post.)

The company is considering the pay-TV transition after an appeals court last
week allowed Aereo to continue streaming programming from Fox and other
broadcasters through its online service without paying for shows.

If Fox forges ahead, industry observers said the other major broadcasters - CBS,
NBC and ABC - would likely mull a similar move.

Indeed, Haim Saban, the chairman of Spanish language broadcaster Univision, told
The Hollywood Reporter that his company was also considering converting to pay
TV.

Aereo uses antenna farms to snatch over-the-air broadcast signals and stream
them via the Internet to tablets and other mobile devices in exchange for a
monthly fee.

Although viewers can watch broadcast TV for free with an antenna, most people it
as part of a cable package. Broadcasters charge cable and satellite companies
"retransmission fees" for the right to distribute their programming to
subscribers.

Aereo threatens to cut out the cable middleman - and billions in retrans fees in
the process.

In addition to the broadcast-to-cable conversion, Fox is also looking to pursue
more favorable rulings in other district courts.

"We believe Aereo is pirating our broadcast signal," Carey said in a statement
yesterday. "We will continue to aggressively pursue our rights in the courts, as
well as pursue all relevant political avenues, and we believe we will prevail."

Fox, alongside partners PBS, WNET and Tribune, has sued Aereo. CBS, NBC and ABC
are part of a separate suit against the company; those networks' lawsuit is
pressing similar copyright claims.

"It's disappointing to hear that Fox believes that consumers should not be
permitted to use an antenna to access free-to-air broadcast television," Aereo
spokeswoman Virginia Lam responded in a statement yesterday.

Aereo has a small subscriber base in New York, where it promotes its $8-a-month
service, but it is rolling out in several big cities, including Boston,
Philadelphia and Dallas.

If Fox makes good on its threat, there are pros and cons. It would gain
additional national advertising revenue but give up local ads as well as the
cost of local programming.

Only those households without cable would be deprived of Fox in a switch.

One headache would be how to deal with national distribution of certain sports
events such as the NFL, which have restrictions on local markets.

---

"We can't sit idly by and let an entity steal our signal." -Chase Carey, News
Corp. COO

catkinson@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Antenna wars: News Corp.'s Fox is leading the charge against Aereo, the
upstart that has drawn the ire of broadcasters for retransmitting shows like
"The Simpsons" without permission. [Post photo composite]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 7, 2013 Thursday

Fox cable fuels qtr. profits

BYLINE: Paul Tharp

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 225 words


News Corp. reported profits more than doubled in the three months ended Dec. 31
on a 5 percent rise in revenue.

The company attributed the jump in profits, to $2.38 billion, or $1.01 a share,
from $1.06 billion, or 42 cents a share, a year earlier, to increased stakes in
Fox Sports Australia and Fox Star Sports Asia.

Revenue was $9.43 billion in the period, up from $8.98 billion a year earlier.

The cable-network programming division led the way, with revenue up 18 percent,
to $2.6 billion. The group, which includes Fox News and FX, posted a 7 percent
increase in operating income, to $945 million.

The broadcast TV unit saw lower advertising revenue due to weakened ratings.

"It's no secret (Fox) had a tough fall," News Corp. President and Chief
Operating Officer Chase Carey said on a conference call with analysts.

The company said it had costs of $23 million tied to the pending separation of
its publishing and entertainment assets later this year.

Excluding those one-time items, adjusted earnings came to 44 cents per share,
topping the 43 cents expected by Wall Street.

"The strategies we executed against in the quarter continue to bolster News
Corp.'s competitive position and enhance our ability to benefit from global
demand for content, especially sports programming," Chairman Rupert Murdoch said
in a statement.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            January 13, 2013 Sunday

ON THE MONEY Scoop spats at CES CNBC squawks over Fox Business guests

BYLINE: Sara Ashley O'Brien

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 747 words


A slew of high-level CEOs and big-name celebrities attending last week's
Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas were subjected to a booking war between
Comcast's granddaddy of TV business reporting, CNBC, and the small but growing
Fox Business News, owned by News Corp. (which also owns The Post).

According to On the Money's CES snoops, former CNBCer Liz Claman is gaining a
reputation as the go-to reporter for high-level CEO executives, even earning the
nickname "Red Fox."

So when Fox bagged an interview with the Jets' future ex-quarterback Tim Tebow
and TiVo chief executive Tom Rogers, who, incidentally, used to be president of
NBC's cable unit, CNBC had a hissy fit. Tebow stars in TiVo's TV ad campaign.

The war between the two networks continued over Sony CEO Kaz Hirai, who granted
Fox Business News journalists an interview despite a CNBC producer and cameraman
going crazy trying to lure Hirai to CNBC first.

That news infuriated CNBCers, who went into "hysterics," said one witness.

Our snoops say other top executives were given much the same treatment from
CNBC: It's us first and nobody else second - or else. Dish boss Joe Clayton
appeared on Fox Business but got the cold shoulder from CNBC. (Dish and CNBC
declined comment.)

Only AOL boss Tim Armstrong bagged Fox Business in favor of CNBC.

One senior executive involved in the p.r. wranglings said, "This has been going
on for a number of months, but it's gotten to a hysterical level. . . .
Everybody has a tough schedule; it really felt like they [CNBC] were coming
unhinged."

News to 'Fuse'

Rick Kaplan, king of serious news, is trying his hand at something a little
lighter. After leaving ABC last summer, Kaplan is moving on to James Dolan's MSG
group.

He's about to debut a new show for MSG's Fuse Network and has drafted British
"It Girl" Alexa Chung to host "Fuse News," a new show on the music business.
Chung will co-host with Canadian TV personality Matte Babel. The show is
launching Feb. 6 and will air nightly at 8.

Sources say Kaplan is prepping an edgy promo for the new show, but it seems a
far cry from his days as president of CNN and MSNBC, fielding calls from
presidential advisers. The show emanates from Kaplan's new production company,
Kaplan Media Partners. Kaplan sounds unusually excited about the new series, say
friends. We'll see how serious "Fuse News" is come next month.

One Morr Time

Jonathan Morr, the restaurateur behind Bond St., which has been an eye-candy
wonderland since it debuted in 1998, has opened his first new restaurant/ bar in
years.

Morr opened his sexy, French-inspired Japanese supper club, Cherry, in West
Chelsea on Wednesday. The Israeli-born Morr, who started in New York with Ian
Schrager at the Royalton and at the Delano in Miami, went on to do his own hotel
in Miami and a string of restaurants and espresso bars in Manhattan.

Taylor Swift (pictured and Channing Tatum are fans of Bond St. in New York, and
Enrique Iglesias and Julio Iglesias Jr. are regulars at the Miami outpost.

He says money is easier than ever to raise for restaurants. "It's the easiest
part of it right now. Everyone on Wall Street wants to be associated with cool
restaurants and bars," Morr says.

This time around, he has a new team of investors, who are "mostly Wall
Streeters," who want in on the restaurant, which adjoins the Dream Downtown
hotel on West 16th Street and 9th Avenue.

Morr said Sant Singh Chatwal has come in as part-owner, and wants to expand the
concept to his hotel empire in India, Brazil and Hungary.

Juice shots

Many a Wall Streeter has been known to say that he is going to out to recharge
after a long trading day.

Well, these days many bars and restaurants are quenching more than just their
patrons' thirst, - specifically, their meeting the needs of those patrons'
phones for juice (the electric kind).

Brightbox, a mobile-device charging station provider, announced its partnership
with EMM Group, a leading NYC nightlife and restaurant management company at the
end of November, and things have been getting brighter for both companies ever
since.

The newly opened EMM establishments Finale and General, as well as trendy
hotspots like Catch and SL, all feature charging stations in their venues.

The price can range from $1.99 to $3 per use. Patrons can swipe their credit
cards and place phones in sleek, locker-inspired compartments to securely
recharge phones while imbibing.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: : TAYLOR SWIFT. (Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           December 6, 2012 Thursday

Elisabeth Murdoch dies, 103 OBITUARY

BYLINE: Rita Delfiner

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 231 words


Dame Elisabeth Murdoch, the mother of News Corp. Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch
and a woman renowned in Australia for her tireless philanthropy, died yesterday.
She was 103.

Dame Elisabeth, who leaves three surviving children, passed away at her home at
Cruden Farm, south of Melbourne, surrounded by loved ones.

She left a legacy as an energetic supporter of more than 100 charities and
causes, from health and education to the arts. When she turned 100,
then-Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd described her as "a centenarian on
wheels with turbo charge.''

In a statement, Rupert Murdoch said, "We have lost the most wonderful mother,
but we are all grateful to have had her love and wisdom for so many years.

"Throughout her life, our mother demonstrated the very best qualities of true
public service.

"Her energy and personal commitment made our country a more hopeful place, and
she will be missed by many.''

Elisabeth Joy Greene was born in Melbourne on Feb. 8, 1909.

When she was 18, a photo of the debutante in the gossip magazine Table Talk
caught the eye of Keith Murdoch, the 42-year-old bachelor editor of The Herald.

They married in June 1928. She was widowed in 1952.

Dame Elisabeth is survived by her son, Rupert, and daughters, Anne Kantor and
Janet Calvert-Jones. Her eldest daughter, Helen Handbury, died in 2004.

News Corp. owns The Post. ,

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dame Elisabeth Philanthropy renowned.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 4, 2012 Tuesday

Divide & conquer Thomson to lead News Corp.'s publishing spinoff

BYLINE: Claire Atkinson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 548 words


News Corp. named Wall Street Journal Managing Editor Robert Thomson as CEO of
its soon-to-be spun-off publishing entity.

News Corp., which will split into two publicly traded companies - the other will
be entertainment-focused - also announced the publishing company will retain the
News Corp. name and that Rupert Murdoch would serve as its chairman.

The entertainment company will be named Fox Group.

Murdoch will be CEO and chairman of Fox Group. Chase Carey will serve as COO and
president.

"The challenges we face in the publishing and media industries are great, but
the opportunities are greater," Murdoch said in a statement.

The assets of the new News Corp. will include the Journal, Times of London and
The Post.

"Under Robert's leadership at News Corp., we will build on our traditional
mission to inform, entertain and enhance the lives of readers and viewers around
the world, and relentlessly drive global growth by promoting excellence and
investing in our businesses," Murdoch also stated.

The split is expected to take place on July 1.

Thomson, who joined the company from his post as US editor of the Financial
Times, will work closely with Murdoch.

Thomson is set to step into the wider role on Jan. 1.

Also joining the newly configured News Corp. is former MGM Studios executive
Bedi Ajay Singh, who becomes CFO.

In addition:

l Paul Cheesbrough, current News Corp. chief technology officer, will slide
across to join the new News Corp. Cheesbrough developed new digital products for
the Times of London. Also, Keisha Smith joins from Morgan Stanley to run human
resources.

l The company also named Jesse Angelo publisher of The Post. Angelo, a longtime
executive editor of the paper, is editor-in-chief of The Daily, the iPad-only
publication. The Daily will cease publication on Dec. 15.

Greg Clayman, publisher at The Daily, is being elevated as digital boss across
the publishing division.

l  Murdoch has asked the current publisher of The Post, Paul Carlucci, to focus
on his other role, running News America Marketing, a company that manages
newspaper inserts and in-store marketing.

l Gerard Baker has been named managing editor of the Journal and will take over
from Thomson.

l Mike Darcey has been named new CEO of News International. He was COO of BSkyB.

"Change always breeds uncertainty, but let me be very clear about one thing that
is certain: We aren't finished achieving what others deem impossible," Murdoch
said in a memo to employees. "Not even close."

Separately, News Corp.'s UK newspaper division chief, Tom Mockridge, said he was
leaving the company.

News Corp. shares, up more than 37 percent this year, dipped 0.5 percent
yesterday, to $24.53.

MEDIA MISSION

News Corp.'s decision to hand the reins of the proposed publishing entity to
Robert Thomson (right), editorial chief of Dow Jones and The Wall Street
Journal, is one of many important changes. Here are some highlights:

n Publishing spinoff will retain the News Corp. name; media-entertainment
corporate cousin will be Fox Group.

n Jesse Angelo, The Post's longtime executive editor and former editor of The
Daily, has been named Post publisher.

n Gerard Baker, Thomson's No. 2, will replace Thomson.

catkinson@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chairman Rupert Murdoch douses Baker with Champagne in celebration,
while Thomson cheers him on. News Corporation building. Robert Thomson. (Wall
Street Journal, Twitpic)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          November 21, 2012 Wednesday

$porting new$ News Corp. buys 49% stake in YES Network

BYLINE: Claire Atkinson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 494 words


News Corp., which already has ownership interests in 20 regional sports
networks, agreed yesterday to buy a 49 percent stake in the YES Network.

YES has rights to New York Yankees games and is in 15 million households,
including nine million in the New York metropolitan area.

Terms of the deal were not released, but the deal values YES at $3 billion,
people familiar with the situation said.

"This is a tremendous opportunity to enhance News Corp.'s industry-leading
portfolio of sports properties, while also strategically re-entering the New
York market," said James Murdoch, deputy chief operating officer, in a
statement.

As part of the deal, YES, which owns the rights to air Brooklyn Nets games,
negotiated an extension to its Yankees rights that will run through 2042.

In addition to getting a 49 percent stake in the country's No. 1 regional sports
network, News Corp. has the right to increase its stake to 80 percent in three
years, sources said.

The added purchase will be based on a $3.8 billion valuation, these sources
said.

YES president and CEO Tracy Dolgin, a former News Corp. sports executive, told
The Post sports rights are a one-of-a-kind asset in TV programming.

"Sports is unique," he said. "It's the only way you can get people to subscribe
to a distributor - a cable, satellite or telco operator. If you don't watch
sports live, it's gone. Ratings go up immediately when the Yankees are ahead,
that's how immediate it is."

Bernstein Research's media analyst, Todd Juenger, values the deal at 15 times
YES annual revenues, which are $200 million, according to Forbes.

"While the price is extraordinarily high, the investment is still superior to
sitting on a pile of non-productive cash," said Juenger.

Mike Paul, a branding expert with sports expertise, told The Post: "This is a
big deal. News Corp. is very interested in knocking off leaders and that's not
going to stop. Anyone resting on their laurels be warned."

News Corp. owns The Post.

In addition to getting News Corp.'s regional sports networks back into the New
York City market, the YES acquisition helps the media company push forward on a
plan to fill out a national platform.

News Corp. is going up against Time Warner Cable for the rights to LA Dodgers
games.

As part of News Corp.'s deal, the Yankees are expected to receive a check for as
much as $500 million, which could be spent to improve the team.

YES Network equity partners selling a piece of the RSN are Goldman Sachs,
Providence Equity and a group of former owners of the then-New Jersey Nets.

The deal is a sweet one for News Corp. President Chase Carey, who is a huge
Yankees fan and owns a collection of signed baseball bats.

Separately, Murdoch is on the board of Yankee Global Enterprises.

---

Franchise play

News Corp. is playing long ball, with its deal to buy a 49 percent stake in the
lucrative YES Network, home to the Yankees.

catkinson@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Superstar Derek Jeter. [Charles Wenzelberg]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 10, 2012 Saturday

You've seen the devastated neighborhoods. But now it's time to help your fellow
New Yorkers, and   KICK SANDY'S BUTT! Join the surge of volunteers

BYLINE: and KIRSTEN FLEMING and TIM DONNELLY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1505 words


Almost two weeks out from Hurricane Sandy, many people are still without power,
heat and shelter. Volunteers have come out in droves to help clean up the vast
damage, and individuals and companies are opening up their wallets to help out
(such as The Post's owner, News Corp., which has donated $1 million).

But the area is still in need of big-hearted and willing New Yorkers to help -
and although many people are ready to get their hands dirty, they don't always
know where they'll be best utilized. The sun will be shining today and tomorrow,
so it's the perfect time to grab a broom and head out to where you're most
needed. Read on for our handy guide on where and when to volunteer (unless
otherwise specified, volunteers can show up the day of).

RED HOOK

Red Hook was just one of many hard-hit neighborhoods in the area. Sandy
destroyed power lines, uprooted trees and flooded dozens of homes, businesses
and stores, including the huge Fairway supermarket. Many buildings are still
without power. The area needs volunteers to clean homes and distribute hot meals
and nonperishables, as well as knock on doors and see if people need items like
medicine.

Info: If you want to help, e-mail volunteers@rhicenter.org to sign up with Red
Hook Initiative, which is at 767 Hicks St., at West Ninth Street. Cleanup starts
at about 10 a.m.

Twitter: @rhookinitiative

THE ROCKAWAYS

Shore Soup

The hot-food kitchen opened Wednesday and is collecting, preparing and
delivering soup to people in the Rockaways, and it has a distribution system to
get free food to the area and keep it going throughout the winter. Wednesdays
through Sundays, the group needs volunteers to prepare food, and people with
bikes or vehicles to help deliver it. Cooking and prep shifts are 9 a.m. to 4
p.m.; delivery shifts are 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.

Info: To sign up, e-mail rockawayrescuealliance@gmail.com, or see
facebook.com/rockawayrescuealliance.

BROOKLYN

Occupy Sandy

The movement has two all-around crisis-monitoring centers in Brooklyn, which
organizer Waldemar Albrecht expects to be there for "a couple of months, at
least." Volunteers are needed every day for a variety of tasks: pitching in on
cleanup efforts, working in the kitchen, handling intake and organizing
deliveries. Shifts in the field start at 10 a.m. until about 4 p.m.; volunteers
are accepted all day long in the church.

Info: Report to St. Luke's at 520 Clinton Ave., in Clinton Hill, 347-770-4520,
or see @520clintonos on Twitter; or St. Jacobi, 5406 Fourth Ave., in Sunset
Park, 347-470-4192, interoccupy.net/occupysandy; and @OccupySandy on Twitter.

Luna Park

Park owners are putting together a big debris cleanup effort today and tomorrow
from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., with a thank-you gift: For every four hours you spend
cleaning up, you get four hours of free rides when the park reopens. (Even
better news: The Cyclone and most of the other rides are still intact.)

Info: E-mail social@caiparks.com to sign up.

The Seagate Command Center

The center is organizing a massive, door-to-door blitz, beginning at 9 a.m.
tomorrow, to clean up as many damaged homes as possible. It's hoping for 500
volunteers, according to Samuel Follman, the group's coordinator.

Info: 3700 Surf Ave.; contact the Sea Gate Command Center at

718-705-9666.

Twitter: Follow Congregation Beth Elohim (organizing supplies and volunteers) at
@cbebk or Councilman Brad Lander on @bradlander.

STATEN ISLAND

Save our Shores

The death toll on Staten Island rose to a staggering 19, including two toddlers
who drowned in the flood waters. The storm pummeled the island and swept homes
off their foundation. Local resident Dominick DeRubbio organized Save Our Shores
last week to clean out and gut waterlogged homes, and will be at it again on
Sunday. The group is also accepting donations (there's no recommended amount;
give what you can). They'll be used to purchase gift cards from local businesses
and distributed to those in need.

Info: Find the Save Our Shores: Hurricane Sandy Disaster Relief site on
Facebook.

The Carl V. Bini Memorial Fund

Today and tomorrow, groups will empty flooded and destroyed homes. Meeting
locations for the weekend will be posted on the group's Facebook page.
Volunteers will be put into teams and sent house-to-house throughout affected
neighborhoods.

Info: Visit facebook.com/welovesi.

Guyon Rescue

This new group, Guyon Rescue, is looking for people to man makeshift kitchens at
two 24-hour locations. "We have enough food donations, but I need volunteers
badly," says Tottenville resident Frank Gericitano, who took on the task of
feeding victims and first responders in the hard-hit areas around New Dorp.

Info: Kitchens are at 575 Mill Road and 192 Ebbitts St.; call Gericitano
directly at 917-647-1546 or see facebook.com/guyonrescue.

LONG ISLAND

Long Beach

Residents of the barrier island woke up to a demolished boardwalk, no power and
homes and cars buried in feet of sand. The LIRR is running trains to stops on
the Long Beach line, where shuttle buses will connect volunteers to the actual
beach town. The city is still looking for donations of cold-weather clothing,
any kind of cleaning supplies, bleach, mops and buckets, school supplies, and
new undergarments and socks, but it also needs hands to sort and distribute.
"Manpower is key," says Matt Kohut, who is spearheading the effort. "We're the
main distribution site for the barrier island," he says, adding that more than
600 people came yesterday for food and clothing. Volunteers can report to the
Long Beach Ice Arena between 8 a.m. and 4:30 p.m.

Info: 150 West Bay Drive; 516-301-0932, longbeachny.gov,
facebook.com/longbeachnyhurricaneinformation.

Freeport

Baby formula, hygiene items and cleaning supplies are needed, as are volunteers
to keep up with the influx of donations. Items should be dropped off at the
Floor Mart Building across from the Home Depot.

Info: 157 East Sunrise Highway

Twitter tips: Follow @lisandyrecovery, which retweets needs from organizations
across Long Island.

JERSEY SHORE

Belmar

This coastal town suffered massive beach erosion, flooding that engulfed homes
and saw its boardwalk reduced to driftwood. Helping hands should report to the
the town's gymnasium, where they will be assigned tasks ranging from going
door-to-door handing out fliers to update residents without power, or activities
such as raking leaves out of sewers. Today and tomorrow from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.

Info: 601 Main St.; belmar.com.

Asbury Park

Asbury Park's historic boardwalk was severely damaged, while the roof off a
church simply peeled off. "We've been very lucky in that we had a lot of people
come forward to volunteer right after the storm," says Deputy Mayor John
Loffredo. "And [this weekend] we're doing a cleanup of the lakes." Volunteers
should bring work gloves and report to one of three locations at 11 a.m.

Info: Deal Lake, located at the boat dock at Seventh Avenue and Main Street;
Wesley Lake, located at the boat dock off Lake Avenue; and Sunset Lake, located
on the corner of Bond Street and Sunset Avenue.

Point Pleasant Beach

The Point Pleasant Beach, which has a milelong boardwalk and amusements, was
battered and boats washed up on the train tracks. Led by resident and retired
cop Chip DiCorcia, groups here are helping the overwhelmed community clean out
homes and pack up valuables, starting at 9 a.m. "It's going to be a beautiful
weekend, so we hope to get as much done as possible," says DiCorcia. Volunteers
will have their IDs checked before being sent out to work.

Info: Report to the Masonic Lodge, 911 Richmond Ave.; 732-245-7187.

Twitter: @JSHurricaneNews is a clearinghouse for donation and volunteer
requests.

---

WANT to donate money, but not sure if it will actually get to those affected by
the storm? Send your funds here:

1. ERGO: The Jersey-based surf brand created this T-shirt (left),which went
viral after it was posted on Facebook.Orders poured in,and the company, owned by
local surfers Rob Sickel and Pete DiSpirito, started a fund to benefit local
businesses and families,and turned their warehouse into a donation
center.Proceeds from the $22 shirts will go to the fund; ergoclothing.com.

2. Groupon: Each $10 donation (sent through Wednesday) will help City Harvest
dole out healthy Thanksgiving meals for 40 hungry New Yorkers;
groupon.com/deals/dc-thx-city-harvest.

3. Amazon: Volunteers are using the site's wedding registry feature and turning
it into a disaster-needs list. It allows anyone around the world to buy items
for struggling residents all across New York City.

Items on the list include diapers,generators, drills, blankets and
more;amazon.com/registry/ wedding/32TAA123PJR42

4. Farmers market: Fill a bag with fresh,seasonal farmers market items and
donate them to Sandy victims at many of the city's greenmarkets, through
Thanksgiving; locations and collection details at grownyc.org/blog.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Two-year-old Alex clutches a box of cereal from the donations
collected at a Red Hook church. [John Moore/Getty Images; Alamy (inset)]-Whip up
a hot meal for New Yorkers hurt by the storm.-A determined Lillian Gerson of the
Rockaway Rescue Alliance's Shore Soup group brings hot food on foot to residents
of battered Rockaway Beach. [Jemal Countess]-Volunteers dish out chili to keep
themselves and storm victims warm and nourished. [JB Nicholas/Splash
News]-Canned goods and other nonperishable food items are in demand for New
Yorkers still suffering from Sandy. [Alamy (2)]-Bring gloves to help clean up
Asbury Park.-Runners who lost out when the NYC Marathon was canceled,
emerged</p><p>victorious by helping Staten Islanders. But there's still much
more to be done. [AP]-Residents of Long Beach, LI, need cold-weather clothing,
blankets and other supplies. [Alamy; Getty Images (top)]-T-shirt; stack of cash.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 7, 2012 Wednesday

News Corp. jumps on Q1 report

BYLINE: Claire Atkinson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 258 words


News Corp. reported quarterly profit that topped Wall Street's expectations,
bolstered by the strength of its cable TV networks.

The media company, led by Chairman Rupert Murdoch, posted fiscal first-quarter
profit of $2.23 billion, or 94 cents a share, up from $738 million, or 28 cents,
a year earlier. The results included a $1.4 billion gain from the sale of its
49-percent stake in set-top box maker NDS Group.

Adjusted earnings per share were 43 cents, beating the consensus among analysts
for 37 cents a share.

Revenue for the quarter ended in September rose 2 percent to $8.1 billion.

The results sent the shares, which have risen by more than a third this year, up
2 percent in late trading. Earlier the stock closed up 1 percent, or 23 cents,
at $24.59.

Operating income for the cable segment, which includes Fox News, FX and regional
sports networks, climbed 23 percent to $953 million, reflecting higher fees
charged to distributors to carry its networks.

In the film division, operating income rose 15 percent to $400 million on the
success of "Ice Age: Continental Drift."

The TV unit, which includes the Fox broadcast network and local stations, posted
a 17 percent jump in operating income to $156 million, boosted by
"retransmission" fees and record political spending.

News Corp.'s TV and film businesses were offset by declines in publishing and
satellite broadcasting. (News Corp. owns The Post.)

The company is planning to separate its entertainment assets from its publishing
businesses by mid-2013.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 3, 2012 Saturday

Roger Wood dead; led Post resurgence OBITUARY

BYLINE: Steve Cuozzo , and

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 800 words


Roger Wood, the debonair but steel-willed New York Post editor who led the
newspaper through the city's stormiest decade, died yesterday after a struggle
with cancer. He was 87.

Rupert Murdoch hired Wood as executive editor in July 1977, shortly after News
Corp. bought The Post. The Big Apple had begun its seemingly irreversible slide
into near-insolvency and rampant crime.

No one could predict that Wood, an Englishman new in town, would be more than up
to the task of guiding the newspaper through nine years of social upheaval and a
brutal battle against The Daily News.

Murdoch said last night, "Roger was a truly exceptional editor. He led The Post
to circulation gains and strengthened its relationship with its readers and the
city.

"Roger was intelligent and charming. He will be remembered by all who worked
with him as one of our great editors."

Under Wood, The Post's circulation swelled from 400,000 to nearly 1 million. It
became the only conservative voice in a city dominated by liberal newspapers,
magazines and TV.

While most local media shrank from the city's squalid reality, The Post under
Wood never blinked. "Headless Body in Topless Bar" was not funny at the time.

He later told me, "We were a seminal influence in the way the other papers and
TV in New York thought about the way they covered the news."

That meant an unflinching focus not only on the Big Apple's decay but also on
its magnificent qualities that endured through the gunfire and arson.

By the mid-1980s, Son of Sam's murderous 1977 rampage seemed like the good old
times compared with the plague of carnage. The Post seemed alone in dramatizing
the ruinous toll on the citizenry.

Yet no newspaper also brought New York's corridors of power, its arts scene and
the Studio 54 disco era to life the way The Post did.

"People sell the paper," Wood loved to say.

He meant not only muggers and crime victims but also the stars and moguls whose
passion for the town gave readers reason to believe it was worth fighting for.

The Post provided a refreshing counterweight to the city's moribund leftist
politics. It endorsed Ronald Reagan for president in 1980 - a bold step in a
city 90 percent Democratic.

Unlike media honchos who drove home to Westchester, Wood loved New York City. He
lived in apartments with skyline views. But his style fooled those who took him
for a colorful dilettante.

He dressed the same nearly ­every day: navy blazer, crisp white shirt and knit
cotton tie. Asked why he always wore the same shirt, he chuckled, "I have many
white shirts, but they're all the same."

So did Roger address all women of every age the same: "Lovely one." None
complained of sexism.

And every man was "Dear boy." I was one of them, a young editor steeled and
sometimes bruised under Roger's tutelage.

He once called four of us into his office. He loudly berated the three other
editors in turn - "These pictures are rubbish. Take new ones" - and saved me for
last.

Then he demanded: "What are you doing here?"

When I quaked that he'd called me in, too, he roared, "Get the hell out of
here!"

Wood practiced the lost art of "editing by walking around." Roger might pop up
over your shoulder at any moment. "Lovely one, do you really need all those
words to describe 'Saturday Night Fever?' " he asked a movie-listings clerk
rattled but inspired by the boss's interest.

Roger Wood was born on Oct. 4, 1925, in Antwerp, Belgium. He spoke no English
until his family moved to Britain seven years later but commanded the language
as few could.

He could deliver what public-relations guru and longtime friend Howard
Rubenstein called "a professorial lecture going back to the Bible." Or he might
convey truth in an instant: The Daily News' short-lived afternoon edition sat on
stands "despised and unread."

Roger served in the Royal Air Force in World War II, graduated from Oxford and
became the youngest editor to run The Daily Express in London in the 1960s.

He became managing director of publisher IPC and ran the Sydney Morning Herald
Group in Australia. He came to the United States in 1975 and edited the weekly
Star magazine until his move to The Post. In 1986, he was promoted to Post
editor in chief and editorial director of News America Publishing.

Former Post publisher Marty Singerman called Wood "his own person all the time,
creative and imaginative, who made life more interesting."

Tony Pappas, a former telephone-company executive and Wood's close friend, said,
"I feel the world just got so much smaller. We disagreed on everything, but we
were inseparable."

Roger Wood is survived by Pat Miller, his companion and wife of more than 40
years, his son, Nicholas, and his brother, Victor.

Good night, Dear Boy.

scuozzo@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DEAR BOY: Post editor Roger Wood had the ear of Mayor Ed Koch (and New
York City's eager tabloid readers) during the 1980s.NY Post: Louis Liotta

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            November 2, 2012 Friday

FRANKENSTORM Many open hearts & wallets

BYLINE: Rita Delfiner

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 254 words


Helping hands - from individ­uals to corporations - swiftly reached out with
support for victims of Hurricane Sandy, including News Corp., which is donating
$1 million.

The company, which owns The Post, said it is giving $500,000 to the Mayor's Fund
for NYC and $500,000 for relief in New Jersey.

"Our hearts go out to those who have lost loved ones and those families coping
with this tremendous natural disaster,'' said Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch
and Deputy Chairman, President and Chief Operating Officer Chase Carey.

"But we are also heartened by the stories of communities pulling together, with
neighbors helping neighbors through this difficult time,'' the execs added.

Contributions to the American Red Cross for Sandy storm relief include $500,000
from the Yankees, 50 trucks from Chevrolet and pallets of water from Nestlé
Water. The Citi Foundation, which gives the Red Cross an annual $500,000 grant
for disaster relief, is donating an additional $1 million.

Red Cross spokeswoman Anne Marie Borrego assured victims that help is on the
way.

"We are moving as fast as we can. Road closures have been a challenge, but we
will be in the communities we need to be,'' she said.

Big-hearted New Yorkers pitched in, including 40 students from St. Bona­venture
University 70 miles south of Buffalo, who are headed to the Rockaways with
generators, chain saws and pumps.

They're volunteers with Bona­Responds, a disaster-relief group formed after
Hurricane Katrina by finance professor Jim Mahar.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 18, 2012 Thursday

THE 2012 NEW YORK POST LIBERTY MEDALS; 11th Annual Liberty Medal Awards SALUTE
TO cream of APPLE'S crop Selfless NYC heroes who make a difference

BYLINE: Rita Delfiner

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 1277 words


Nine outstanding neighbors whose caring and spunk make us proud to be New
Yorkers were honored last night at the 11th annual New York Post Liberty Medal
Awards.

Regis Philbin, who emceed the awards for the 10th straight year, presided at the
ceremony at the Midtown headquarters of News Corporation, which owns The Post.

"I really do enjoy coming back here,'' he said. "I love meeting these people who
inspire others to do something good for all of us.''

Alyssa Innamorato, 13, a Long Islander who won the Young Heart medal for her
enthusiastic efforts to raise funds and awareness for Sunrise Day Camp, a free
summer day camp for children with cancer, urged kids to pitch in and help worthy
causes because "there are always people who have less than you.''

Steve St. Bernard, a city bus driver who broke the fall of a 7-year-old girl who
toppled off an air conditioner three stories up was ecstatic about being saluted
with the Courage award.

"I'm sitting here smiling because I'm excited that I won,'' said St. Bernard,
who tore a tendon in his left bicep during the rescue, yet declares, "I would do
it again without a moment's hesitation.''

Presenters included Rosanna Scotto and Dave Price, co-anchors of WNYW/Fox5's
"Good Day New York." Fox 5 is a co-sponsor of the awards.

The Post began the Liberty Medals program after 9/11 to pay tribute to those who
stepped forward after the attacks and went out of their way to benefit others
with their empathy, valor and can-do creativity.

A panel of distinguished New Yorkers selected the winners from finalists in
eight categories.

Valeriya Beloshkurenko, who moved here from her native Ukraine 23 years ago, was
honored for her work at the Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty helping
low-income seniors.

She hopes winning the Freedom medal will spotlight "the needs of elderly people
who don't have anyone to help them.''

Christopher Rosa, CUNY's assistant dean for student affairs, who strives to
establish a level playing field for the disabled, nabbed the Educator medal.

"It's humbling to receive recognition for work on behalf of students who have
already given me so much,'' said Rosa, who suffers from muscular dystrophy.

Leadership medal winner Sharon Content, who started Children of Promise, NYC to
meet the needs of kids with a parent in prison, said she accepted on behalf of
"the young people we serve, as well as for the staff and the team of people who
work with them.''

Elizabeth and Stephen Alderman - who, in memory of their son killed at the World
Trade Center on 9/11, launched the Peter C. Alderman Foundation to help
traumatized victims of terrorism around the world - believe their Lifetime
Achievement awards aid their goal.

"It's a banner day for mental health,'' said Dr. Alderman. "The first step to
providing quality care is to raise public awareness.''

The Finest medal, presented by Police Commissioner Ray Kelly, went to Sgt. Kevin
Brennan, who took a bullet in the head at point-blank range Jan. 31.

Brennan, who is on sick leave, says he's looking forward to returning to work.

"I enjoy helping people," he said. "I take pride in trying to make New York a
safer place.''

FDNY Commissioner Sal Cassano presented the Bravest award to firefighter Sean
Heeran, who, while on an aerial ladder, reacted instantly and caught a man who
jumped from a third- floor window.

Heeran insisted he's no hero, because "there are firefighters throughout the
city doing things like that every day.''

The father of two. a former equities trader, has said that after his brother,
also a trader, was killed in the 9/11 attacks, "my mentality on life kind of
changed.'' He became a firefighter in December 2003.

Each winner receives a medal engraved with Lady Liberty's torch and specially
designed for The Post by New York graphic artist Milton Glaser, who created the
iconic "I   New York'' logo.

Additional reporting by Kathryn Cusma

rdelfiner@nypost.com

----

YOUNG HEART - ALYSSA INNAMORATO

She was just 8 when she heard about a summer day camp for kids with cancer, and
it made such an impression on the Long Islander that she instantly decided to do
something to help.

Innamorato, now 13, spearheaded an annual fund-raiser that has raised more than
$35,000 for Sunrise Day Camp. For the past five years she and her family have
put together the fundraising annual carnival in the cul de sac of their block.

EDUCATOR - CHRISTOPHER ROSA

An energetic and eloquent advocate for the disabled, CUNY's university assistant
dean for student affairs spearheaded the project CUNY LEADS, a comprehensive
career-readiness program for students with disabilities at the system's 24
campuses. Rosa, who has muscular dystrophy, says that "all that people with
disabilities ask for is an equal chance to succeed or fail on their merits
alone.''

LEADERSHIP - SHARON CONTENT

She saw children who are "invisible to society'' and reached out to serve the
needs of kids with a parent in prison. Content founded Children of Promise, NYC
in 2007, a Brooklyn-based nonprofit that offers after-school programs, summer
day camp and therapeutic services to "create a safe place for children dealing
with the shame, the stigma and, for many, the secret of having a parent in
prison.''

COURAGE - STEVE ST. BERNARD

He prayed "Please don't let her fall before I get there'' as he ran to get into
position below a 7-year-old girl "dancing'' on a window air-conditioner three
floors up. He broke her fall when she leaned forward "as if she could float.''
The city bus driver tore a tendon in his left bicep during the July 16 rescue
outside the Coney Island Houses. He had surgery and now is undergoing physical
therapy.

FINEST - KEVIN BRENNAN

He and two officers responding to a call of shots fired pulled up outside 140
Moore St. on Jan. 31 and saw two men. "One took off running. He had a gun in his
hand,'' said Brennan, who chased the suspect into a building and up the stairs.
He said the guy slipped and "I figured I would tackle him'' and "hold him down''
until help arrived. Then he felt a shot to his head. "I feel the loud boom,''
recalls Brennan, who was shot at point-blank range in the Bushwick Houses.

LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT - ELIZABETH and STEPHEN ALDERMAN

They wanted to create a living memorial to honor their son, who was killed on
9/11 at the World Trade Center. The Westchester couple founded a humanitarian
project in 2003 that has treated more than 100,000 victims of terrorism around
the world. The Peter C. Alderman Foundation trains indigenous doctors and other
health professionals in countries wracked by mass violence to help survivors so
psychologically traumatized that they can't function.

BRAVEST - SEAN HEERAN

He had climbed 30 feet up an aerial ladder, telling a trapped Brooklyn man
sitting on the third-floor windowsill of a smoke-filled apartment to ''just hang
on'' until the firefighter got into position. But the window behind the panicked
man shattered and he jumped. The firefighter reacted instantly, reached out and
caught the 200-pound man in mid-flight.

FREEDOM - VALERIYA BELOSHKURENKO

A native Ukrainian who moved here 23 years ago, she works to help elderly, needy
New Yorkers be more secure in their homes through her job as director of home
services at the Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty. She oversees Project
Metropair, which installs free grab bars, smoke alarms, window guards, door
locks and peepholes. "I think it is very important for people to stay as many
years as possible in their own space where they have their neighbors and their
memories,'' she says.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -UNSUNG NO MORE: Post Liberty Medal winners (top row from left)
Elizabeth and Stephen Alderman, Sharon Content, Sgt. Kevin Brennan, Steve St.
Bernard and (bottom row from left) firefighter Sean Heeran, Christopher Rosa,
Alyssa Innamorato and Valeriya Beloshkurenko are honored last night for their
acts and feats of stellar achievement. [NY Post: Tamara Beckwith]-You're Safe:
Liberty Medal winners, firefighter Sean Heeran (left) and NYPD Sgt. Kevin
Brennan are honored last night by "Good Day New York" co-anchor Rosanna Scotto.
[Astrid Stawiarz]-You're Buss-ted, Ray! Master of ceremonies Regis Philbin
plants a great big kiss on Police Commissioner Ray Kelly last night at the
Liberty Medals reception. [Astrid Stawiarz]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 17, 2012 Wednesday

News Corp. adds two directors

BYLINE: Michelle Celarier

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 148 words


News Corp. shareholders backed the company-nominated board of directors at
yesterday's annual shareholder meeting - while rejecting a proposal to split the
CEO and chairman positions.

Two new board members, nominated in September, are former Labor Secretary Elaine
Chao and former Colombia President Álvaro Uribe.

Lachlan Murdoch and James Murdoch were also re-elected to the board of
directors.

The proposal to split the two roles would have stripped Rupert Murdoch, the
chairman and chief executive, of his dual responsibilities.

Murdoch said at the shareholder meeting in Los Angeles that a move to ditch the
dual stock capital structure was also defeated.

Murdoch pointed out that News Corp. shares had risen 45 percent over the last
year.

"Any shareholders with complaints should take profits and sell!" Murdoch had
tweeted on Oct. 11.

The Post is owned by News Corp.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 16, 2012 Tuesday

Wait-and-see approach Potential 'fiscal cliff' is stalling leasing deals

BYLINE: and LOIS WEISS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 1272 words


Office leases are being signed in fits and starts as companies continue to be
concerned about earnings, taxes, and the presidential and New York city mayoral
elections, as well as predictions of an upcoming fiscal cliff.

Brokers report that tours of availabilities are ongoing but that decision-makers
want to put off making a choice as long as possible. The largest tenants with
lease expirations in 2014 and 2015 have, by and large, already made commitments,
negotiating for renewals or signing leases to move while the 2017 and 2018
"class" of expiring tenants is just now being courted.

While proposed buildings at Hudson Yards, Manhattan West and some of the World
Trade center towers won't be ready for tenant build-outs until late 2013 to
2016, developers are rolling out the red carpet to snag mega tenants like Time
Warner inc., Citibank, News Corp. (which owns the Post) and GroupM.

GroupM was reported to be negotiating downtown at 3 World Trade center for over
550,000 square feet through Mary Ann Tighe and Gregory Tosko of cBRe, the same
duo that brought condé Nast to One World Trade center and coach to Hudson Yards.

"There is such a lack of new supply that when tenants recognize it, rents will
spike quickly," says Tara Stacom, vice chairman of cushman &Wakefield, who
represents One World Trade center, 180 Maiden Lane, and other prominent
buildings.

empire State Building owner, Anthony Malkin, president of Malkin Properties,
says, "My experience this year is that empire and 1400 Broadway, where we had
the most space, have been the busiest." He has a large block of 500,000 square
feet first coming to market at 112 W. 34th St.

in two tranches over the next two years. "We are in negotiations," he says.

"Large blocks control the market in New York," explains Greg Kraut, principal
and managing director of tri-state region, Avison Young.

"The amount of [available] space above 100,000 square feet is really about 15
blocks with a lot of the other offerings 'crap.'" Kraut says there are problems
with many of the long marketed blocks that have been hard to lease. These
locations may have narrow or awkward floor plates or be in poorly located
buildings far from public transportation.

Pricing also becomes an issue, especially if the buildings are overleveraged.

The proposed east Side rezoning, which would create new, state-of-the-art class
A tall towers in the Park Ave.

and Grand central area, isn't likely going to be in effect until 2016, so will
not interfere with leasing at the other large West Side and Downtown
megaprojects.

But the prospect of centralized towers with fabulous architecture, such as the
new images of L&L's proposed remake of 425 Park Ave. by Sir Norman foster, will
be dangling in front of tenants.

"The east Side Rezoning issues have to be resolved," says Stacom. "The plan has
to be balanced but the city is definitely in need of it... to maintain its
prominence." There is a sense that Midtown and Midtown South are starting to
blend together, with the West Side projects becoming "the staple" between both,
says Kraut.

But he says that many of the larger corporations want to be near the major
transportation hubs, so a 500,000-squarefoot tenant may find it more feasible to
be in Midtown. "it is easier to recruit near Penn Station and Grand central,"
Kraut says.

"it is all about recruiting and image. Downtown doesn't have that funky image."
Stacom would argue with that, however, as Downtown's upcoming Calatrava PATH
station will soon link to 11 subway lines via fancy underground shopping
concourses.

The World financial center also won't have any major empty space until 2013 when
Nomura is scheduled to move to Worldwide Plaza uptown.

Mitch Rudin, CEO of Brookfield Properties, which owns and rents WFC and is
proposing the 5.4-million-squarefoot twin towers of Manhattan West just
southwest of Penn Station, is also confident that they will attract tenants.

Rudin revealed that the company is speaking with financial tenants and could
quickly build trading floors at the base of one of the towers.

Kraut is also observing issues along Park, Madison and fifth Aves., where
buildings changed hands based on projections of triple-digit rents and now must
rely on income from retail space.

Mark Jaccom, president and managing principal at cresa NY, is scouring
availabilities for a 75,000-square-foot tenant whose larger current spot in a
desirable Midtown South building will be subleased.

"We are looking from the tip of Downtown to Midtown," Jaccom says. "We looked at
25 spaces and narrowed it to six; each will have excellent transportation and
reduce [the company's] square footage and current costs." There is also a gap
between rents on the main and side street buildings in places like the flatiron
in Midtown South, where a fifth Ave. or Broadway building, even with a single
elevator, can obtain $60 per foot in rents.

That's one reason why Billy Macklowe, CEO of the William Macklowe company, just
bought 386 Park Ave. S., which will be 50 percent vacant, and is planning an
extensive capital improvement program.

"Given what's going on in that submarket, it's a terrific time to have vacancy,"
he says.

Macklowe will start prebuilding full floors designed by the hip STUDiOS
Architecture to serve tenants in the 11,000- to 15,000-square-foot range that
will "de-risk" the construction experience. "It will go a great way to
differentiate our product," he says.

The small tech companies are not sophisticated regarding permits and
construction issues, says Grant Greenspan of the Kaufman Organization.

That's one reason the city just expanded its electronic Development Hub with the
new "Hub Self-Service." Licensed design professionals can submit plans and
obtain online permits now for even small construction projects.

On the side streets, however, tenants are being offered rents from $41 to $50
per foot.

Greenspan warns that most of those buildings don't also offer a work letter,
security or other amenities.

Some companies are also choosing to buy office condominiums versus leasing, says
Corey Abdo of Winoker Realty. "We have two contracts out right now for tenants
to buy floors, one in a co-op and one in a condo," Winoker says. "Both are
commercially successful companies that sell products, and neither set out to buy
but it just made more sense." But there has been a real change in velocity, says
David Falk, president of the New York tri-state region for Newmark Grubb Knight
Frank.

"We finished a number of big deals, but when you have someone leasing about
200,000 square feet, you can't say, 'OMG, the demand is feverish,' because it's
not," says Falk.

In a normal market, he says all five major firms would be working round the
clock to pitch ongoing large requirements.

While they are now pitching a 400,000-squarefoot tenant, Falk says he is not
seeing large requirements coming down the road.

These changes to the market, as well as in the economy and political climate,
are of great concern to the industry.

"Since Giuliani and Bloomberg,we have been bettering the quality of life," says
owner and developer Jeffrey Sussman, CEO of Property Group Partners. "The
election of the new mayor will be a change for us here." Adds Chelsea Market
owner and developer Michael Phillips, CEO of Jamestown:

"I think everybody is holding their breath."

---

"When you have someone leasing about 200,000 square feet, you can't say, 'OMG,
the demand is feverish,' because it's not" -David Falk (left), president of the
New York tristate region for Newmark Grubb Knight Frank.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Negotiations continue for available space at 112 W. 34th St. [Eilon
Paz]-David Falk.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           August 15, 2012 Wednesday

Biz titans' sharp message to Bam, Mitt Get serious on immig reform!

BYLINE: David Seifman

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 542 words


BOSTON - News Corp. Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch teamed up with Mayor
Bloomberg yesterday to urge the presidential candidates and Congress to get
serious about immigration reform, saying the ­nation's economic future depends
on it.

"It takes a little courage, but it can be done," Murdoch said. "Just tear up the
spreadsheets and just do it."

At a Boston forum on immigration policy, the two business ­giants expressed the
need for sensible reforms that could create new American jobs.

They said the current fractured political debate has kept sensible
immigration-reform legislation from becoming law, handicapping the economy and
arming America's competitors with the world's best workers.

"People don't come here to put up their feet and collect welfare," Bloomberg
said.

"They come here to work. And if there are no jobs, they don't come here."

Hizzoner said that neither President Obama nor GOP presidential candidate Mitt
Romney has addressed the issue, and added that the polarizing debate over what
to do with illegal immigrants has stymied action.

Bloomberg, a native New Englander who was born in nearby Medford, Mass., hailed
Australian-born Murdoch as an example of what immigrants can bring to the
economic table in the United States.

Murdoch, meanwhile, emphasized the drive to succeed that most immigrants bring,
and said the newcomers can inspire ­everyone around them.

"An immigrant is more likely to start a small business than a non-immigrant," he
said.

"They want to dream the American dream. They have formed the character of this
country that we must not let go."

The forum was sponsored by the Partnership for a New American Economy,
co-chaired by Bloomberg and Murdoch.

The participants made reference to a new partnership report finding that
immigrant businesses last year collectively generated more than $775 billion in
revenue and $100 million in income and employed one of every 10 people working
for private companies.

The partnership's report - "Open for Business: How Immigrants are Driving
Business Creation in the United States" - also pointed out that newcomers are
making more progress as ­entrepreneurs. While the entrepreneurship rate of
native-born Americans has slowly declined over the past 15 years, the rate for
immigrants has climbed by more than 50 percent, according to the study.

Those businesses are usually smaller than the ones started by American-born
citizens. Even so, immigrant start-ups employ one out of every 10 workers in
privately owned companies.

Those kinds of numbers transcend any kind of partisan politics, the participants
said.

"We have to get beyond politics and antiquated notions about immigration if we
are serious about attracting and retaining the best talent in America," Murdoch
said.

News Corp. owns The Post.

Additional reporting by David Seifman in New York

---

Immigrants:

* Accounted for 28% of new US businesses in 2011

* Generated $775 billion from their firms

* Employed 1 of 10 private-sector employees

* Were more than twice as likely as native-born residents to start a business

Source: Partnership for a New American Economy, co-chaired by Mayor Bloomberg
and Rupert Murdoch

leonard.greene@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DOLLARS & SENSE: Rupert Murdoch and Mayor Bloomberg make their points
in Boston yesterday. [Vincent DeWitt]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             August 13, 2012 Monday

MundoFox challenging Spanish TV networks

BYLINE: James Covert

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 193 words


News Corp. today is slated to launch MundoFox, a US broadcast network that seeks
to reach the nation's rapidly growing base of Spanish-speaking viewers.

A joint venture of News Corp. and Colombia's RCN Television Group announced just
eight months ago, MundoFox will focus on a younger, more bicultural US audience,
execs said.

MundoFox initially will air on 60 stations, occupying 24 of the top 25 Hispanic
markets in the US, MundoFox Chief Executive Hernan Lopez said. The stations will
reach 80 percent of the US Hispanic market.

Among a variety of comedies and reality shows, MundoFox's lineup will include
"Las Santisimas," which has been likened to HBO's "Sex in the City," and "El
Capo 2," a successful series about a fictional drug lord.

That's in contrast to US stalwarts Univision and NBCUniversal-owned Telemundo,
whose weekly programming is heavy on telenovelas, the popular Latino-style soap
operas.

While MundoFox will carry some telenovelas, it also will air some shows produced
by the American Fox Network dubbed into Spanish, including reruns of the
animated "American Dad."

News Corp. also owns The Post.

jcovert@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 9, 2012 Thursday

Cable lifts News Corp. Q4 results

BYLINE: Paul Tharp

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 246 words


News Corp. yesterday reported operating profit of 32 cents a share in its fiscal
fourth quarter - in line with Wall Street estimates.

The result compares with an operating profit of 35 cents last year.

The media company's cable operations posted a 26 percent jump in operating
profit in the period.

The company reported a net loss of $1.6 billion in the quarter, reflecting a
$2.9 billion pre-tax charge primarily related to its publishing business.

In the year earlier period, News Corp. reported net income of $683 million.

Revenue in the quarter fell 6.7 percent to $8.4 billion.

For the year, revenue gained 1 percent to $33.7 billion, aided by double-digit
growth in cable programming such as Fox News and movies including "Rise of the
Planet of the Apes."

The company, the parent of The Post, said operating income from its wide-ranging
media segments jumped 13 percent to $5.6 billion from the prior year. Adjusted
earnings per share climbed 19 percent to $1.41.

"We are proud of the full-year financial growth achieved over the last 12
months, led by our Cable Network Programming and Filmed Entertainment segments,"
said Rupert Murdoch, chairman and CEO.

News Corp., which previously announced plans to split into two separate
companies - one with its publishing assets and the other with its entertainment
assets - said yesterday the process should take a year to complete.

News Corp. shares fell 3.5 percent in after hours trading, to $22.90.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 29, 2012 Friday

Split confirmed by News Corp.

BYLINE: Claire Atkinson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 192 words


News Corp. confirmed yesterday it is to split into two publicly traded companies
- one holding entertainment assets like its Fox TV properties and the 20th
Century Fox studio, and the other housing The New York Post and other publishing
and education businesses.

Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch will take a chairman's role at both companies
and continue as CEO of the entertainment company, News Corp. said. Internal
candidates are being considered to head the publishing unit.

Murdoch, in a statement, said, "Through this transformation we will unleash [the
two companies'] real potential, and be able to better articulate the true value
they hold for shareholders."

Shares fell 14 cents to $22.27 yesterday after rising 11 percent over four
trading days on speculation of a split.

With the split, considered for more than a year, News Corp. hopes to unlock
additional shareholder value.

Murdoch said both companies would be poised for growth, as digital distribution
continues to soar.

"In five years time there will be 75 million tablets in the US and 375 million
in the world," he said in a memo to employees.

catkinson@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 28, 2012 Thursday

News Corp. board has OK'd split

BYLINE: Claire Atkinson

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 230 words


News Corp.'s board last night agreed to split the company into two publicly
traded units, according to a published report.

The move, under consideration for years, will separate the company's
entertainment properties, which contain 75 percent of News Corp.'s revenue, from
its newspaper, publishing and education assets.

It could take a year or more to complete. An announcement by the board is
expected this morning.

The split is expected to unlock value in News Corp. shares, analysts on Wall
Street told The Post.

Ahead of the move by the board, which was expected, News Corp. shares rose 2.1
percent yesterday to $22.41. On Tuesday, when speculation of a possible split
first surfaced, shares jumped 8.3 percent.

Richard Greenfield, an analyst at BTIG, forecasts that News Corp. will put a
billion dollars cash into the publishing entity, which will house The Post, Dow
Jones, News International, HarperCollins and other print assets.

The entertainment company will include the Fox TV Network, Fox News Channel, the
20th Century Fox movie studio and other assets.

Greenfield estimates 2012 publishing revenue at $8.127 billion and profits at
$208 million.

The entertainment spin-off company revenues are put at $25.74 billion, and
profits at $3.3 billion.

News of the split was first reported by WSJ.com, which, like The Post, is owned
by News Corp.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            June 27, 2012 Wednesday

News Corp. up on split possibility

BYLINE: Claire Atkinson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 240 words


Shares of News Corp. rose more than 8 percent yesterday after the media company
said it was weighing a move to split the company in two.

Under a proposal being considered by the board, News Corp. would spin off its
publishing and education assets into a new, publicly-traded company.

The spinoff stock would likely house Dow Jones & Co. newspapers including the
Wall Street Journal, plus the New York Post and the London-based The Sunday
Times, and The Australian.

Also included in the new company would be book publisher HarperCollins and News
Corp.'s education assets.

The company's entertainment businesses - including the Fox network, cable
channels including FX and the Fox News Channel, as well as the Twentieth Century
Fox movie studio - would be in the other company.

The stock rose 8.3 percent on the news, to $21.76.

Miller Tabak analyst David Joyce said value could be unlocked for the TV and
film portion of the company if the two are separated.

Marci Ryvicker, analyst at Wells Fargo, pegged the value of the publishing
assets at $5.4 billion.

The change, if enacted, could likely take a year to complete.

Goldman Sachs is helping with the potential move.

Rupert Murdoch, chairman and CEO of News Corp., would keep control of both
companies.

News Corp. has been active on the deal front lately, making a $2.2 billion bid
to buy Australia's pay-TV company, Consolidated Media, earlier this month.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 10, 2012 Thursday

News Corp. profits up 47 percent

BYLINE: Claire Atkinson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 237 words


News Corp. profit rose 47 percent in the first three months of the year, helped
by strong performances by its cable networks and movie studio.

In the fiscal third quarter, profits jumped to $937 million, or 38 cents per
share, on a 2 percent rise in revenue, to $8.4 billion.

Excluding some items, profit totaled 37 cents a share, which easily outdistanced
Wall Street's forecast of 31 cents.

News Corp., which is the owner of The Post, also announced a plan to increase
its stock buyback plan to $5 billion.

The company's cable unit recorded a 15 percent increase in operating income, to
$846 million, thanks to double-digit growth in both domestic affiliate and
advertising revenue at the Regional Sports Networks, FX and Fox News.

At the studio, fiscal third-quarter operating income was $272 million, up 9.7
percent - propelled by the theatrical and DVD releases of "Alvin and the
Chipmunks: Chipwrecked," and "The Descendants."

Reflecting the lack of a Super Bowl broadcast in the quarter, compared to the
year-ago period, in which the game aired on Fox - plus lower ratings at
"American Idol" - operating income at the television unit fell 10.9 percent to
$171 million.

However, retransmission consent revenues, paid by pay-TV distributors to carry
the Fox network, doubled during the period.

News Corp. shares, up 0.3 percent in normal trading, to $19.38, rose 2.6 percent
in after-hours trading.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 3, 2012 Thursday

Murdoch backed by board

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 236 words


The 15-member News Corp. board of directors yesterday announced its "full
confidence in Rupert Murdoch's fitness and support for his continuing to lead
News Corp. into the future as its chairman and CEO."

The board action came one day after the British Parliament special committee
investigating the phone-hacking scandal at the now-shuttered News Corp. tabloid
News of the World said that Murdoch was "not a fit person" to head a major
international company because he had "turned a blind eye and exhibited wilful
blindness" to widespread wrongdoing at the tabloid.

The board, meeting in a special session, said it based its vote of confidence on
"Murdoch's vision and leadership in building News Corp., his ongoing performance
as chairman and CEO and his demonstrated resolve to address the mistakes of the
company identified in the select committee's report."

News Corp. owns The Post.

In London, British Sky Broadcasting, which is 39 percent owned by News Corp.,
also defended itself against what is expected to be a new round of questions on
whether it should continue to hold a British broadcasting license.

BSkyB said it "continues to believe that it remains a fit and proper license
holder, as demonstrated by its positive contribution to UK audiences, employment
and the broader economy, as well as its strong record of regulatory compliance
and high standards of governance."

kkelly@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 2, 2012 Wednesday

PROBE: MYLER LIED Daily News editor found 'complicit' in hacking scandal

BYLINE: Kaja Whitehouse and Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 629 words


Daily News Editor-In-Chief Colin Myler was accused yesterday of misleading a UK
probe into the phone-hacking scandal at the defunct News of the World.

The shocking finding by a British Parliamentary committee investigating
controversial voicemail interceptions by staff at the former News Corp. tabloid
unanimously concluded that in 2009 Myler "falsely" said the hacking was limited
to a single rogue reporter.

"This was not true and   they would have known this was untrue when they made
those statements," the committee said in its final report, issued yesterday.

Myler, who was hired as top editor of the Mort Zuckerman-owned New York Daily
News in January, held the same position at the UK-based News of the World from
2007 until News Corp. closed it last July. (News Corp. owns The Post.)

In a statement, Myler said he stands by the evidence he gave the committee.

"I have always sought to be accurate and consistent in what I have said to the
committee," said Myler, who was once the executive editor of The Post, which he
joined in 2001. He left in 2007.

The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Select Committee said it was also
misled by Les Hinton, a former exec of News Corp.'s UK division, and Tom Crone,
former legal manager at the same division.

Hinton, they said, misled the committee about payments made to Clive Goodman,
the former NOTW royal editor who was arrested in 2007 for intercepting phone
messages of the British royal family.

Crone and Hinton also denied the committee's conclusions, with Hinton calling
the findings "unfounded, unfair and erroneous."

"I am shocked and disappointed by the [committee's] allegations that I have
misled Parliament and was 'complicit' in a cover-up," Hinton said in a
statement. "I refute these accusations utterly."

The report also dealt a blow to News Corp. CEO Rupert Murdoch, and concluded
that he "turned a blind eye and exhibited wilful blindness" to widespread
wrongdoing at the tabloid. As a result, Murdoch is "not a fit person" to lead a
global corporation, the report said.

Murdoch apologized in a statement for "not rectifying the situation sooner.

"There is no easy way around this, but I am proud to say that we have been
working hard to put things right," he said.

The 10-member committee was split along party lines in its verdict on Murdoch -
with Labour and Liberal Democrat members of the body voting for the "unfit"
language and Conservatives voting against it.

In a press conference yesterday, Conservative Member of Parliament Louise Mensch
said she and her fellow party members felt the language deeming Murdoch unfit
was "widely outside the scope" of the committee's mission and part of "an
improper attempt to influence Ofcom [the British telecom regulator]."

The report also slammed James Murdoch, Rupert Murdoch's son and former head of
News Corp. 's UK division, News International, accusing him of "wilful
ignorance" and a "lack of curiosity."

In a statement, News Corp. promised sweeping reforms.

"We have already confronted and have acted on the failing documented in the
report: we have conducted internal reviews of operations at newspapers in the UK
and indeed around the world, far beyond anything asked of us by the [London]
Metropolitan Police; we have volunteered any evidence of apparent wrongdoing by
the authorities; and we have instituted sweeping changes in our internal
controls and our compliance programs on a worldwide basis, to help ensure that
nothing like this ever happens again anywhere at News Corp."

---

'[He] gave repeated assurances that there was no evidence that any further News
of the World employee . . . had been involved in phone hacking. This was not
true.' -UK parliamentary committee final report

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Hack attack: A report concluded yesterday that Colin Myler, Daily News
editor and former editor of the News of the World, "misled" a UK committee by
"answering questions falsely" about the phone-hacking scandal. [AFP/Getty
Images]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            April 4, 2012 Wednesday

Power over pain

BYLINE:

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 108 words


AFTER her cab was rear-ended by a truck, she had to wait for police and she had
painful whiplash - but Cristina Greeven Cuomo wasn't going to miss yesterday's
United Way of New York City's Power of Women To Make a Difference luncheon at
the Plaza, where her friend Avis Richards was among the honorees. Also turning
out to laud News Corp.'s Ivette Fernandez and BNY Mellon's Karen Peetz (last
year named most powerful woman in banking) were MC  Mary Alice Stephenson and
keynote speaker Soledad O'Brien. Guests included Olivia Chantecaille, Chandra
Lee Schwartz, Carol Woods, Montego Glover, Maria Cuomo Cole, Susan Burden and
Adelina Wong Ettelson.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 1, 2012 Thursday

Changes at News Corp.

BYLINE: Post staff

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 76 words


James Murdoch is stepping down as executive chairman of News International, the
United Kingdom publishing unit of News Corp., which also owns The Post.

News International has been at the center of a phone-hacking and bribery scandal
in the UK.

News Corp. CEO Rupert Murdoch said in a statement that James Murdoch "will
continue to assume a variety of essential corporate leadership mandates," and he
remains deputy chief operating officer of News Corp.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 28, 2012 Tuesday

Women to the rescue

BYLINE: Reuven Fenton

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 107 words


Hasidic women who were denied membership in an all-male Orthodox ambulance corps
have decided to branch out and start a ladies-only EMT group.

Hasidic lawyer Ruchie Freier held a recruitment drive in her Borough Park home
on Sunday and managed to sign up about 50 female EMT trainees who had been
turned down by the Hatzalah ambulance service.

The new corps is called Ezras Nashim - Hebrew for "helping women" - and plans to
get started in September assisting patients who are giving birth or who need
treatment for gynecological problems.

"We just felt it was the right thing to do. We were determined to make that
happen," she said.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 14, 2012 Tuesday

Kelly-case sis' vow

BYLINE: Post Staff

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 96 words


A woman identifying herself as the sister of Greg Kelly's rape accuser yesterday
said her sibling will eventually reveal her side of the story.

"There's so much more you all aren't allowed to see," Angela Di Toro wrote on
Facebook, referring to the Manhattan DA's investigation. "But in due time, Maria
will speak and the truth will be known. I can promise that."

Maria Di Toro accused the Fox 5 morning anchor of raping her in October after
they had drinks. The DA's office determined it was impossible to pursue a case.

Fox 5 and The Post are both owned by News Corp.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 9, 2012 Thursday

News Corp. books 65% profit jump

BYLINE: Claire Atkinson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 210 words


News Corp. said profit rose 65 percent in the most recent quarter, topping
expectations, thanks to the strength of its cable television and filmed
entertainment businesses.

For the fiscal second quarter ended Dec. 31, net income rose to $1.06 billion,
or 42 cents a share, compared with $642 million, or 24 cents, a year ago.
Revenue rose 2 percent to $8.98 billion. (News Corp. owns The Post.)

Excluding one-time items, News Corp. would have earned 39 cents a share. On that
basis, analysts had expected profit of 34 cents a share on revenue of $8.94
billion, according to Thomson Reuters.

Results were buoyed by strong returns at the company's cable unit, where
operating income rose 20 percent to $882 million. Revenue rose 9 percent, driven
by higher fees paid by cable operators to carry the FX Network and the regional
Fox Sports Net channels.

Operating income at the film division, which includes the Twentieth Century Fox
studio, more than doubled to $393 million, boosted by new theatrical releases
such as "Alvin and the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked" and "The Descendants," as well as
home video sales of "Rio" and "Rise of the Planet of the Apes."

New revenue from digital distribution deals with Netflix and Amazon also lifted
the division.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          November 23, 2011 Wednesday

News Corp. scoops space Between the Bricks

BYLINE: Lois Weiss

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 773 words


News Corp. is finally taking over the former Charles Schwab space on the
southern plaza of its Rockefeller Center headquarters, where it will likely
build out a 9,000-square-foot studio.

News Corp. had always wanted the plaza-level space at 1211 Ave. of the Americas
for a studio, but sources said it had allowed both an option and an extension to
expire.

New Corp., which owns The Post, declined to comment, and its exact plans for the
space are unclear.

The company has a studio that was added on top of the Schwab space and is
currently used by "Imus in the Morning" on Fox Business Network and by Fox News
in the afternoon. There is also a Fox studio on the northern side of the plaza,
where a news ticker wraps the building.

Sources said the building's owners, Beacon Capital, had been marketing the
double-height Schwab space through Cushman & Wakefield with a rent of $525 to
$625 a square foot and a total dollar value of about $4 million a year.

A transaction was actually in the works with Emirates Airlines when just last
week, at the eleventh hour, News Corp. stepped in to seal its own 15-year deal.
Josh Kurlioff, Gene Spiegelman, David Tricarico and Mitch Arkin of C&W
represented Beacon and declined comment.

News Corp. was represented by power broker Mary Ann Tighe, the local chairman of
CBRE and current chair of the Real Estate Board of New York, along with Ken Rapp
and Tim Dempsey, who also declined comment.

The former Schwab space is also being combined with the adjacent FedEx facility
behind it, along with some concourse space. FedEx will move into a space along
West 47th Street.

The building itself has been on the market through Eastdil Secured, but since
Beacon had wanted a hefty $1.9 billion, any transaction will likely be concluded
as a recapitalization by bringing in new equity partners.

n

New York's new go-to partner, CIM Group, has teamed up with Jared Kushner's
Kushner Cos. to sign a $50 million contract for 200 Lafayette St.

Sources said the duo will put in another $20 million to make the
130,000-square-foot building into state-of-the-art offices.

The hotly contested deal was marketed by Robert Burton of Massey Knakal. The
parties either could not be reached or had no comment.

California-based CIM Group has also teamed with other New York developers,
including Harry Macklowe, Madison Equities, and Sapir Organization.

n

The Jackson Group has purchased about 40,000 square feet of retail property
along Brooklyn's 13th Avenue in Borough Park. The stores span three blocks
running from 4310-24 to 4506 13th Ave. The price was $22,670,133.

The deal was procured by The Jackson Group's CEO, Ike Chehebar, and Vice
President Jonathan Nachmani directly with longtime family owner Sam Goldstein.

Tenants in the retail spaces include Duane Reade, Fabco Shoes, HSBC, The
Children's Place, Mimi Maternity, and Payless Shoe Source.

Although there are many national tenants, "this is a big repositioning
opportunity," said Nachmani. Rents in the area are about $80 a foot for inline
stores and $100-plus for the corners.

The buyers concentrate on retail and earlier this year purchased 407 Bleecker
St., which was leased to a Jimmy Choo shoe store that just opened.

While the newly purchased Brooklyn stores are also zoned for residential, there
are no plans for anything other than to improve the retail, Nachmani said.

n

The iconic Fabergé brand will open its first-ever US boutique at 694 Madison
Ave. between 62nd and 63rd Streets. The ornamental jewelry line, along with its
bejeweled precious eggs, will be installed in an 850-square-foot, ground-floor
selling space that will open in the spring. The store also includes a
500-square-foot basement.

Beth Rosen and Zach Beloff of RFK represented the retailer, which was founded in
1842 by Peter Carl Fabergé as the jeweler and goldsmith to the Russian imperial
family. The brand ceased production during the 1917 revolution but was
relaunched in 2009 in its former Geneva showroom.

The space was previously occupied by Daum, which has closed but will reopen
nearby. Jonathan Krivine of Newmark Knight Frank represented Daum in the
assignment of the lease. The building owner was represented in-house.

Rosen obtained the assignment to find a small store near Barney's and Hermes
after becoming aware the brand had reinvigorated the ownership and wanted to
relaunch. "They knew where they wanted to be," she said.

While the finances of the transaction are based on Daum's older lease, current
asking rents for Extell's Carlton House redevelopment nearby are $1,500 a foot.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SCHWAB STORY: News Corp. acquires broker's office. [Dan Brinzac]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          November 23, 2011 Wednesday

News Corp. scoops space Between the Bricks

BYLINE: Lois Weiss

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 773 words


News Corp. is finally taking over the former Charles Schwab space on the
southern plaza of its Rockefeller Center headquarters, where it will likely
build out a 9,000-square-foot studio.

News Corp. had always wanted the plaza-level space at 1211 Ave. of the Americas
for a studio, but sources said it had allowed both an option and an extension to
expire.

New Corp., which owns The Post, declined to comment, and its exact plans for the
space are unclear.

The company has a studio that was added on top of the Schwab space and is
currently used by "Imus in the Morning" on Fox Business Network and by Fox News
in the afternoon. There is also a Fox studio on the northern side of the plaza,
where a news ticker wraps the building.

Sources said the building's owners, Beacon Capital, had been marketing the
double-height Schwab space through Cushman & Wakefield with a rent of $525 to
$625 a square foot and a total dollar value of about $4 million a year.

A transaction was actually in the works with Emirates Airlines when just last
week, at the eleventh hour, News Corp. stepped in to seal its own 15-year deal.
Josh Kurlioff, Gene Spiegelman, David Tricarico and Mitch Arkin of C&W
represented Beacon and declined comment.

News Corp. was represented by power broker Mary Ann Tighe, the local chairman of
CBRE and current chair of the Real Estate Board of New York, along with Ken Rapp
and Tim Dempsey, who also declined comment.

The former Schwab space is also being combined with the adjacent FedEx facility
behind it, along with some concourse space. FedEx will move into a space along
West 47th Street.

The building itself has been on the market through Eastdil Secured, but since
Beacon had wanted a hefty $1.9 billion, any transaction will likely be concluded
as a recapitalization by bringing in new equity partners.

n

New York's new go-to partner, CIM Group, has teamed up with Jared Kushner's
Kushner Cos. to sign a $50 million contract for 200 Lafayette St.

Sources said the duo will put in another $20 million to make the
130,000-square-foot building into state-of-the-art offices.

The hotly contested deal was marketed by Robert Burton of Massey Knakal. The
parties either could not be reached or had no comment.

California-based CIM Group has also teamed with other New York developers,
including Harry Macklowe, Madison Equities, and Sapir Organization.

n

The Jackson Group has purchased about 40,000 square feet of retail property
along Brooklyn's 13th Avenue in Borough Park. The stores span three blocks
running from 4310-24 to 4506 13th Ave. The price was $22,670,133.

The deal was procured by The Jackson Group's CEO, Ike Chehebar, and Vice
President Jonathan Nachmani directly with longtime family owner Sam Goldstein.

Tenants in the retail spaces include Duane Reade, Fabco Shoes, HSBC, The
Children's Place, Mimi Maternity, and Payless Shoe Source.

Although there are many national tenants, "this is a big repositioning
opportunity," said Nachmani. Rents in the area are about $80 a foot for inline
stores and $100-plus for the corners.

The buyers concentrate on retail and earlier this year purchased 407 Bleecker
St., which was leased to a Jimmy Choo shoe store that just opened.

While the newly purchased Brooklyn stores are also zoned for residential, there
are no plans for anything other than to improve the retail, Nachmani said.

n

The iconic Fabergé brand will open its first-ever US boutique at 694 Madison
Ave. between 62nd and 63rd Streets. The ornamental jewelry line, along with its
bejeweled precious eggs, will be installed in an 850-square-foot, ground-floor
selling space that will open in the spring. The store also includes a
500-square-foot basement.

Beth Rosen and Zach Beloff of RFK represented the retailer, which was founded in
1842 by Peter Carl Fabergé as the jeweler and goldsmith to the Russian imperial
family. The brand ceased production during the 1917 revolution but was
relaunched in 2009 in its former Geneva showroom.

The space was previously occupied by Daum, which has closed but will reopen
nearby. Jonathan Krivine of Newmark Knight Frank represented Daum in the
assignment of the lease. The building owner was represented in-house.

Rosen obtained the assignment to find a small store near Barney's and Hermes
after becoming aware the brand had reinvigorated the ownership and wanted to
relaunch. "They knew where they wanted to be," she said.

While the finances of the transaction are based on Daum's older lease, current
asking rents for Extell's Carlton House redevelopment nearby are $1,500 a foot.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SCHWAB STORY:sNews Corp. acquires broker's office. [Dan Brinzac]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 3, 2011 Thursday

News Corp. Q1 beats estimates

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 279 words


News Corp. reported first-quarter profits and revenue that beat Wall Street's
expectations, fueled by a strong performance by its cable operation, its most
profitable segment.

The results, reported yesterday after the markets closed, sparked a 1.8 percent
rise in after-hours trading.

Profits in the quarter, excluding some costs, rose to 32 cents a share from 29
cents in the year-earlier period.

Wall Street was expecting adjusted earnings of 29 cents in the fiscal quarter
ended Sept. 30.

Revenue rose 7 percent to $7.96 billion, better than analysts' forecast of $7.67
billion.

News Corp., which owns The Post, houses channels such as FX, National
Geographic, Fox News, and a host of international cable channels. Rising
affiliate and advertising revenue in cable helped improve operating income in
the segment by 18 percent, to $775 million.

Deputy Chairman Chase Carey told analysts on the earnings call that while the
pay-TV market was undoubtedly mature, News Corp. cable channels were young and
could still expect to see further growth.

Fox helped the bottom line with higher retransmission fees and advertising
increases, thanks to its best fall ever. Ratings are up 17 percent this season
in the key 18- to 49-year-old demographic - thanks to hit shows like "The X
Factor."

In the film segment, "Rise of the Planet of the Apes," which booked $450 million
worldwide, as well as strong home-entertainment returns on the animated movie,
"Rio," helped boost operating income 24 percent to $347 million.

Net profit slipped slightly, to $738 million, or 28 cents a share, versus $775
million, or 30 cents, a year earlier.

catkinson@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 3, 2011 Thursday

News Corp. Q1 beats estimates

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 279 words


News Corp. reported first-quarter profits and revenue that beat Wall Street's
expectations, fueled by a strong performance by its cable operation, its most
profitable segment.

The results, reported yesterday after the markets closed, sparked a 1.8 percent
rise in after-hours trading.

Profits in the quarter, excluding some costs, rose to 32 cents a share from 29
cents in the year-earlier period.

Wall Street was expecting adjusted earnings of 29 cents in the fiscal quarter
ended Sept. 30.

Revenue rose 7 percent to $7.96 billion, better than analysts' forecast of $7.67
billion.

News Corp., which owns The Post, houses channels such as FX, National
Geographic, Fox News, and a host of international cable channels. Rising
affiliate and advertising revenue in cable helped improve operating income in
the segment by 18 percent, to $775 million.

Deputy Chairman Chase Carey told analysts on the earnings call that while the
pay-TV market was undoubtedly mature, News Corp. cable channels were young and
could still expect to see further growth.

Fox helped the bottom line with higher retransmission fees and advertising
increases, thanks to its best fall ever. Ratings are up 17 percent this season
in the key 18- to 49-year-old demographic - thanks to hit shows like "The X
Factor."

In the film segment, "Rise of the Planet of the Apes," which booked $450 million
worldwide, as well as strong home-entertainment returns on the animated movie,
"Rio," helped boost operating income 24 percent to $347 million.

Net profit slipped slightly, to $738 million, or 28 cents a share, versus $775
million, or 30 cents, a year earlier.

catkinson@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 22, 2011 Saturday

News Corp. board is re-elected

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON

SECTION: ; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 262 words


News Corp.'s board of directors, including Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch and
his two sons, Lachlan and James, were re-elected at the annual shareholder
meeting yesterday in Los Angeles.

Also at the meeting, shareholders rejected a proposal, submitted by the
Christian Brothers Investment Services, that would have split the combined
chairman and CEO role.

News Corp., in a statement announcing that all the directors had been
re-elected, said it would release the voting tallies next week.

News Corp. owns The Post.

Dissident shareholders questioned the independence of the News Corp. board and
the company's handling of a hacking incident at the now-shuttered UK tabloid
News of the World.

Before the meeting, Rupert Murdoch addressed the issue of phone hacking and said
he was "personally determined to right whatever wrong has been committed."

"We can't deliver on our commitment to engage, entertain, and inform if our
50,000 employees aren't beacons for good professional and ethical behavior," he
said.

Ahead of the meeting, investors including CalPERS, the largest US pension fund,
called on the Murdochs to leave the board in the wake of the phone hacking.

News Corp. director Viet Dinh told shareholders that he supported the company's
dual leadership role.

"The combined chairman-CEO role ensures a strong and consistent leadership for
the company with clarity of vision, effectiveness in leadership and appropriate
accountability," he said.

News Corp. A shares rose 2.1 percent yesterday to close at $17.20.

catkinson@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 19, 2011 Wednesday

WE salute the BIG APPLE'S CORE Post honors NY's everyday heroes

BYLINE: RITA DELFINER

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 1349 words


Twelve everyday New Yorkers - ages 11 to 92 - who represent the very best of the
Big Apple were honored last night at the 10th annual New York Post Liberty Medal
Awards.

Regis Philbin, who has emceed the awards for nine consecutive years, presided at
the ceremony at the Midtown headquarters of News Corporation, which owns The
Post.

"They were great stories, heartwarming people who mean something, worked hard,
made it come true," Philbin said of the inspirational winners.

Caroline Watters, 11, and her sister, Lisette, 13, won the Young Heart medal for
helping raise awareness and funds for blood-cancer research.

The siblings speak at events about how then-4-year-old Lisette was the
bone-marrow-transplant donor for Caroline, who as a todller was diagnosed with
leukemia.

"I feel really, really special,'' Caroline said of the award.

Eugene Lang, 92, winner of the Lifetime Achievement medal, pledged to
sixth-graders at East Harlem's PS 121 in 1981 that if they graduated high
school, he'd send them to college - and then launched a nonprofit that has
helped thousands of other kids.

"I don't consider myself   heroic, because it's fulfilling to do what you think
is a good thing," he said.

Presenters included Rosanna Scotto and Greg Kelly, co-anchors of WNYW/Fox 5's
Good Day New York, and Fox 5 entertainment reporter Julie Chang. Fox 5 is a
co-sponsor of the awards.

The Post launched the Liberty Medals program after 9/11 to salute those who step
forward with the quiet heroism, unflagging resourcefulness and warm hearts that
make New York the world's No. 1 city.

"These awards have never been about the rich or the ­famous or the successful or
the powerful. It's always been about the spirit of this great city,'' said The
Post's editor in chief, Col Allan.

Among the judges attending last night's event were TV's Dr. Mehmet Oz and
Guardian Angels chief Curtis Sliwa.

"Victoria's Secret'' model Selita Ebanks handed out the awards.

Jeffrey Smalls snagged a Leadership award for a campaign that convinced the city
to open a new high school in the South Bronx that highlights building-trades
programs.

"If more people would get involved in their communities, we would no longer have
to imagine how the city would be a great place. It would be one," Smalls said.

Maryann Hedaa also won a Leadership medal for founding the Hunts Point Alliance
for Children to help close the education-­ equity gap there. She dedicated her
award to the Bronx kids "striving to make a difference in their own lives
through education," to their families and to HPAC's staff.

Freedom winner Mohammad Razvi is a native of Pakistan whose goal is to help the
city's Muslim immigrant community "integrate into their new life as New
Yorkers."

Sana Nasser, the Harry S Truman HS principal who transformed one of the largest
public high schools by creating small, career-themed academies, said it's "my
staff, my students and the parents of my students" who really deserve her
Educator medal.

Police Commissioner Ray Kelly presented the Finest medal, and FDNY Commissioner
Sal Cassano presented the Bravest and Courage awards.

Winners of the Finest medal were Detective Ricardo Ram­irez, who was shot in the
leg and was bleeding to death in an East New York gun battle, Detective Brain
McIvor, who used a belt as a tourniquet on Ramirez, and Officer Radek Terepka,
who held the teen shooting suspect.

Courage winner Luis Corrales, an EMS lieutenant who was on his day off when he
jumped from a subway platform onto the tracks to help rescue a man who had
toppled over, urged New Yorkers to "help each other out. It's the right thing to
do."

Firefighter Peter Demontreux, who rescued a man as flames set both of them
afire, said of winning the Bravest award, "I'm glad to be recognized for doing a
good thing."

In recognition of Philbin's dedicated work with the program, Allan presented the
talk-show host with a Post Page One that read in part, "Thanks for hosting the
Liberty Medal Awards for nine years.''

Additional reporting by Cynthia R. Fagen

-----

2011 LIBERTY MEDAL WINNERS

BRAVEST: PETER DEMONTREUX - He entered a burning Brooklyn brownstone and found a
man inside. But just as they entered another room, it suddenly burst into
flames, setting both the firefighter and the man he was rescuing on fire. The
heat reached a brutal 1,000 degrees, roasting Demontreux's protective bunker
coat. "The whole room was bright orange and we were getting burned," recalled
the firefighter, who locked arms with the man and ran for the window, getting
him safely out to firefighters on an aerial ladder.

YOUNG HEART: CAROLINE WATTERS and LISETTE WATTERS - Caroline was just a toddler
when she was diagnosed with leukemia and got a lifesaving bone-marrow transplant
from older sister Lisette. Now Caroline, 11, and Lisette, 13, speak regularly at
events forThe Leukemia & Lymphoma Society to help raise awareness and funds for
blood-cancer research. "When people have cancer and I tell them this story, it
gives them a lot of hope," Caroline says. LEADERSHIP - TIE

MARYANN HEDAA - She's dedicated to helping the kids in the Hunts Point
neighborhood of the South Bronx-one of the poorest in the country - and believes
education is "the clearest pathway out of poverty.'' Hedaa founded the nonprofit
Hunts Point Alliance for Children and says its mission is "to see that every
child is healthy, housed, safe and educated" through an array of educational,
social and nutritional programs.

JEFFREY SMALLS - He wanted students to have options, so when the Department of
Education decided to phase out Alfred E. Smith HS, an academically failing
vocational high school in the South Bronx, Smalls, the president of Smalls
Electrical Construction Inc. in Brooklyn, helped mount a campaign that persuaded
the city to open a new school in its place that teaches building-trades
programs. The new Bronx Design and Construction Academy opened this semester.

EDUCATOR: SANA NASSER - The principal of The Bronx's Harry S Truman HS turned
one of the city's largest public high schools into one with a small-school feel
and higher graduation rates. She established smaller, career-themed academies
with subjects including pre-engineering, law, law enforcement, culinary arts and
media/TV production.

FINEST : RICARDO RAMIREZ, RADEK TEREPKA and BRIAN McIVOR - The three
plainclothes officers ordered a teen biking the wrong way on a one-way Brooklyn
street to stop, but wound up chasing him into an East New York building where
the 17-yearold allegedly opened fire. A shootout followed in which two bullets
ripped through Ramirez's leg, piercing the femoral artery.McIvor saved Ramirez's
life by fashioning a tourniquet with a belt as Terepka held the suspect.

LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT: EUGENE LANG - His impromptu promise to one group of
schoolkids helped change the lives of thousands of others. In 1981, the
businessman and philanthropist told graduating sixth-graders at East Harlem's PS
121 that he'd send them to college if they graduated. Five years later, Lang
launched the national I Have a Dream Foundation, which has helped thousands of
others.

COURAGE: LUIS CORRALES - The EMS lieutenant jumped off a subway platform onto
the tracks because someone "needed help." It was his day off and, when he saw
the man fall at the 53rd Street/Lexington Avenue station, he recalls thinking,
"I've got to get him out of there." An unidentified man also jumped down to
help, and when the trio was safely back on the platform, "I felt the wind of the
train pulling into the station," Corrales said.

FREEDOM: MOHAMMAD RAZVI - The Pakistani native put legal clinics in a Coney
Island Avenue Broooklyn storefront to help Muslims caught in the 9/11 backlash.
Razvi went on to provide programs to help low-income immigrant families,
particularly those from South Asian and Muslim nations, understand their rights
and responsibilities as they get integrated intoNew York life. He also works to
build bridges among diverse groups in the city.

rita.delfiner@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -WISE WOMAN: Sana Nasser, who won the Post Liberty Educator medal,
lights up the room with her smile yesterday with "Good Day New York'' hosts
Rosanna Scotto and Greg Kelly. [Jonathan Baskin]-You go, girls: Caroline (left)
and Lisette Watters are congratulated by Regis Philbin yesterday after the
sisters won the Post Liberty Medal in the Young Heart category. [NY Post: Tamara
Beckwith]-You're the best: The Post Liberty Medal recipients yesterday (standing
from left) Maryann Hedaa, Detective Ricardo Ramirez, Police Officers Radek
Terepka and Brian McIvor, Mohammad Razvi, firefighter Peter Demontreux, Lisette
Watters, EMS Lt. Luis Corrales, Caroline Watters; and (seated from left) Jeffrey
Smalls, Sana Nasser and Eugene Lang. [NY Post: Tamara Beckwith]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 3, 2011 Saturday

News Corp. nominates Breyer

BYLINE: Garrett Sloane

SECTION: ; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 120 words


News Corp. nominated one of Silicon Valley's top venture capitalists, Jim Breyer
of Accel Partners, to its board of directors yesterday.

The media company, which owns The Post, said two other prominent venture
capitalists, Kenneth E. Cowley and Thomas J. Perkins, will step down.

Also yesterday, James Murdoch, the company's deputy chief operating officer,
said he would forgo his $6 million bonus following a phone-hacking controversy
at News Corp.'s now-shuttered UK tabloid News of the World.

"While the financial and operating performance metrics on which the bonus
decision was based are not associated with this matter, I feel that declining
the bonus is the right thing to do," he said in a statement.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 11, 2011 Thursday

NEWS CORP. PROFITS

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 264 words


News Corporation reported yesterday growth in each of its five major business
segments as quarterly profits beat estimates.

News Corp. also reported that it raised its dividend 27 percent. Television led
the pack, doubling operating income to $233 million in the fiscal fourth quarter
ended June 30. Fox broadcasting benefited both from an improved ad climate and
from increased retransmission consent dollars.

Meanwhile, the cable segment, which contributed $631 million in operating
income, rang up solid US advertising revenue gains of 23 percent due to better
ratings and pricing at FX Network.

Overall, income from continuing operations increased 8.9 percent to $982
million, or 35 cents a share. Wall Street was expecting 30 cents. Net income
fell 22 percent to $683 million partly because of a loss associated with
Myspace, which was sold to Specific Media.

Total revenue grew 11 percent to $8.96 billion.

Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch said the board had agreed that he will continue
in his current roles.

When asked about a succession plan, he joked, "I hope the job won't be open in
the near future."

Murdoch added: "Chase [Carey, Deputy Chairman, President and Chief Operating
Officer] is my partner. If anything happened to me, I think he would get it."

Murdoch told analysts the company has "the most robust balance sheet in our
history."

News Corp., which owns The Post, has $12.7 billion cash on hand. The company
said it is committed to doing a $5 billion share buyback. The stock closed
yesterday at $13.71, down 5.8 percent.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            July 20, 2011 Wednesday

NO SLAP ON THE WRIST

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 169 words


It was the $330 million smack heard 'round the world.

Wendi Deng Murdoch leapt to her feet to defend her husband, News Corp. Chairman
and CEO Rupert Murdoch, from a demonstrator's surprise assault at the UK
parliamentary hearing yesterday.

When the protester rushed at Rupert Murdoch with a paper plate heaped with
shaving cream, Wendi Murdoch (pictured at left), shot an open right hand at the
assailant's face, delivering a loud smack heard on live TV.

Within seconds of the slap, News Corp. shares spiked 18 cents, adding $330
million of shareholder value.

The prankish assault came during the closing minutes of the three-hour hearing
about a phone hacking controversy at the News of the World.

The plate-wielding attacker was able to get within arms-reach of Rupert Murdoch
at the witness table to hurl the foamy protest onto his jacket and chin. Police
dragged away the assailant, identified as Jonathan May-Bowles, in handcuffs.

Rupert Murdoch, minus his jacket, resumed answering the final questions.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Wendi Deng Murdoch slapping Jonathan May-Bowles.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            July 20, 2011 Wednesday

FRANK TALK AT PROBE - MURDOCHS TESTIFY IN UK

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 796 words


News Corp. Chairman and Chief Executive Rupert Murdoch yesterday again
apologized to the victims of phone hacking by the company's now-defunct News of
the World tabloid and told members of a committee of UK's Parliament that his
appearance in the probe was "the most humble day of my life."

In nearly three hours of testimony beside his son, James, News Corp.'s deputy
chief operating officer, Murdoch told the Culture, Media and Sport Committee
that "things went badly wrong" at the weekly. The hacking "went against
everything that I stand for."

Facing wide-ranging questions by the panel, the two executives provided their
first public presentation of events since the escalating controversy caused the
shutdown of the weekly, along with multiple arrests of accused parties, the
resignation of two senior News Corp. officials and the resignations of London's
two top police figures.

After roughly two and a half hours, the hearing took a theatrical turn when a
spectator walked up to Rupert Murdoch at the witness table and attempted to toss
a cream-like pie at the CEO. (See above, right.)

The panel, noting that hacking and bribery assertions had swirled in London
media reports for more than four years, asked why the case had become such a
crisis only in recent weeks.

James Murdoch, who fielded many of the queries, said News Corp. didn't learn of
the extent of the purported lawbreaking at the outset, and relied on a "clean
bill" of health from its law firm, Harbottle & Lewis LLP, which conducted an
internal probe after News Corp. discovered that in 2005 a royal reporter and a
private eye had hacked into royal phones for scoops.

He said its law firm found no evidence of illegal activity apart from one
reporter and a private eye - both of whom eventually were jailed.

"We and the company rested on that opinion for a period of time," the younger
Murdoch said. "It is a key bit of outside legal advice."

James Murdoch added that when the company discovered serious evidence unearthed
years later in e-mails, all of it was turned over to London police for a probe,
which is now under way.

Members of Parliament hammered on certain legal payments made to the disgraced
royal reporter, Clive Goodman, and his private eye, Glenn Mulcaire.

James Murdoch said he was "surprised" when he found out legal payments had been
made to Goodman and Mulcaire even after they had been convicted.

"The strong advice was that from time to time it's important and customary to
pay a co-defendant's legal fees." Both Murdochs said they didn't know whether
such payments were still being made to Mulcaire.

When asked if the payments would now stop, Rupert Murdoch said they would -
"provided it's not in breach of a legal contract."

The hacking controversy exploded recently when it was learned that the News of
the World had hacked into the voicemails of a missing 13-year-old girl, Milly
Dowler. The girl, it was learned later, was murdered.

Both father and son said emphatically they were unaware that Milly's phone had
been hacked.

Rupert Murdoch slapped his palms on the witness table, saying he was "shocked,
appalled and ashamed" at the hacking.

Asked whether News Corp. employees anywhere had hacked into phones of victims of
the 9/11 attacks, the elder Murdoch said he'd seen "no evidence whatsoever"
about any such hacking.

Rupert Murdoch said he didn't feel responsible for what had happened at the News
of the World. Asked who was at fault, he said, "The people that I trusted to run
it, and then maybe the people that they trusted.

"The News of the World is less than 1 percent of our company," and Rupert
Murdoch said he may have "lost sight" of the paper because it was "so small in
the general frame of the company."

When asked who kept Murdoch and News Corp. in the dark, James Murdoch replied,
"There's a difference between being kept in the dark and a company, a large
company, in which the management is delegated."

Shares of News Corp. rose 5.5 percent yesterday to $15.79, up 82 cents.

After questioning the Murdochs, the panel turned to Rebekah Brooks, the former
editor of News of the World who resigned last week as chairman of News Corp.'s
UK unit, News International.

She told the panel she was unaware of any hacking or bribing of police for
stories. She was arrested last week in the hacking-bribery incidents, and much
of her testimony was restrained by a separate criminal probe.

Before the Murdochs' appearance, lawmakers also questioned London police
witnesses about reports that officers took bribes from journalists to provide
inside information for scoops.

Police Commissioner Paul Stephenson and his assistant commissioner John Yates
resigned last week over the bribery scandal. Both told the panel they did
nothing wrong.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IN THE SPOTLIGHT: News Corp.'s James Murdoch (left) and father Rupert,
whose wife Wendi is between them, testified before a parliamentary committee
yesterday in London.  [Reuters]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              July 18, 2011 Monday

UK ARREST IN HACKING SCANDAL

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 340 words


Rebekah Brooks, who resigned as the head of News Corp.'s UK newspaper unit on
Friday, was arrested yesterday amid accusations of a widespread phone-hacking at
the now-shuttered News of the World.

Brooks, 43, was arrested by London's Metropolitan Police by a pre-arranged
appointment and was later released. Her arrest came two days before she is set
to testify before British lawmakers.

Brooks, pictured here, has become embroiled in a scandal at the now-defunct News
of the World, which has been accused of hacking the cell phone messages of a
murdered schoolgirl and paying police officers for information.

Also yesterday, Sir Paul Stephenson, pictured at right, the commissioner of the
Metropolitan Police, known as Scotland Yard, resigned yesterday as damage from
the phone-hacking allegations cast scrutiny on the relationship between the
press and the UK police.

Brooks is due to appear tomorrow before Parliament's Select Committee for
Culture, Media and Sport to explain what she knew of the alleged hacking of
voicemails by employees.

Her arrest yesterday could complicate what she is able to tell lawmakers. News
Corp. Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch, 80, and his son James, 38, the company's
deputy chief operating officer, also agreed to testify before Parliament, along
with Brooks.

"She's always said she's innocent of any wrongdoing," said David Wilson, Brooks'
spokesman. "One reason she left [the company] was to set about clearing her
name."

Former police commissioner Stephenson was also due to speak before the
cross-party committee about the deepening scandal that derailed News Corp.'s
acquisition of BSkyB. News Corp. also owns The Post.

"I have taken this decision as a consequence of the ongoing speculation and
accusations relating to the Met's links with News International at a senior
level," Stephenson said, according to published reports.

Neil Wallis, a former executive editor at the News of the World, who was
arrested last week, was reportedly hired by Stephenson as a part-time p.r.
consultant.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Sir Paul Stephenson. -Rebekah Brooks. -Sir Paul Stephenson.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 16, 2011 Saturday

EXECUTIVE DECISIONS - TWO NEWS CORP. BIGGIES STEP DOWN AMID HACKING

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 480 words


Two top executives at News Corp. resigned yesterday amid accusations of phone
hacking by reporters at the company's recently shuttered News of the World.

Les Hinton, who headed the company's British subsidiary, News International, at
the time of the alleged hacking, resigned as CEO of Dow Jones and publisher of
the Wall Street Journal, positions he assumed after News Corp. bought Dow Jones
in 2007. News Corp. also owns The Post.

Hinton was questioned by Parliament's Culture Media and Sports Select Committee
in 2007 about initial media reports of hacking by News of the World employees,
and said at the time he believed the hacking was limited to one reporter.

"That I was ignorant of what apparently happened is irrelevant, and in the
circumstances I feel it is proper for me to resign from News Corp. and apologize
to those hurt by the actions of News of the World," Hinton, 67, said in a
statement.

News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch called Hinton's resignation "a matter of much
sadness." Hinton, who ran News International from 1995 to 2007, had worked with
Murdoch for 52 years, rising from journalist to senior exec.

Hinton's departure came the same day that Rebekah Brooks, who took charge of
News International after Hinton, also resigned. She was replaced by Tom
Mockridge, the chief executive of News Corp.'s Sky Italia. Brooks's resignation
followed allegations that while she was editor of the News of the World, the
paper intercepted the mobile-phone voicemails of a missing 13-year-old
schoolgirl who turned out to have been murdered.

Brooks, 43, was editor of the News of the World from 2000 to 2003. News Corp.
closed the paper on Sunday in response to the hacking controversy.

"My desire to remain on the bridge has made me a focal point of the debate,"
Brooks said in a memo yesterday to employees. "My resignation makes it possible
for me to have the freedom and the time to give my full cooperation to all the
current and future inquiries, the police investigations and the [Parliament]
appearance," she said referring to a Tuesday hearing of Parliament's Culture
Media and Sports Select Committee.

Rupert Murdoch, 80, yesterday met privately with the parents of the murdered
schoolgirl.

"I said I was appalled to find out what happened," Murdoch told reporters after
meeting the parents of Milly Dowler. "I apologized and I have nothing else to
say."

News Corp. also placed ads in major UK newspapers apologizing for the
controversy.

"We are sorry for the serious wrongdoing that occurred," according to a copy of
the ad supplied by News Corp. "In the coming days, as we take further concrete
steps to resolve these issues and make amends for the damage they have caused,
you will hear more from us."

Murdoch and his son James, 38, News Corp.'s deputy chief operating officer,
agreed to testify Tuesday before Parliament, along with Brooks.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Losing lieutenants: News Corp. executive Les Hinton (inset), the CEO of
Dow Jones, resigned yesterday amid allegations of phone hacking at News Corp.'s
UK newspaper unit, which he ran from 1995 to 2007. His departure came the same
day that Rebekah Brooks (left), who headed News Corp.'s News International after
Hinton, also resigned. [Bloomberg]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              July 15, 2011 Friday

MURDOCHS TO ANSWER QUESTIONS

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 238 words


Rupert Murdoch and his son James agreed to appear next week before UK lawmakers
investigating whether News Corp. employees hacked the cell-phone messages of
private citizens and government officials.

Rupert Murdoch, CEO and chairman of News Corp., and James, the company's deputy
chief operating officer, are scheduled to appear Tuesday before Britain's
Parliament to answer questions about the controversy, which led News Corp. to
shutter its News of the World.

In his first public comments on the controversy, Rupert Murdoch defended the
company's handling of the crisis and said News Corp. would set up an independent
committee to "investigate every charge of improper conduct." News Corp. owns The
Post.

Both Murdochs initially said they were unable to appear at the inquiry due to
conflicts. After receiving formal summonses from Parliament to appear, both
executives agreed to appear at the inquiry. Rebekah Brooks, who heads News
Corp.'s UK newspaper division, earlier agreed to testify and will appear with
the Murdochs.

Meanwhile, the FBI is said to be investigating claims by two US lawmakers that
victims of 9/11 may have been targets of hacking by News Corp. employees,
Bloomberg News reported.

The FBI said it was reviewing letters from New York Reps. Peter King, a
Republican, and Louise Slaughter, a Democrat, demanding a probe into whether
hacking involved US citizens. The Justice Department had no comment.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 14, 2011 Thursday

NEWS CORP. SPIKES BID FOR BSKYB

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 328 words


News Corp. withdrew its $12 billion bid to buy all of pay-TV operator British
Sky Broadcasting amid a phone-hacking scandal at one of its UK tabloids.

"We believed that the proposed acquisition of BSkyB by News Corp. would benefit
both companies but it has become clear that it is too difficult to progress in
this climate," News Corp. President Chase Carey said yesterday in a statement.

Carey emphasized the company's intention to remain an owner of the pay-TV firm
it helped establish. News Corp. owns a 39 percent stake in BSkyB that is worth
$7.8 billion.

For months, News Corp., which also owns The Post, has been trying to buy the 61
percent of BSkyB that it did not already own.

The company dropped its bid yesterday after encountering stiff political
resistance in the UK, where it is facing allegations that one of its tabloids
hacked into the voicemail accounts of a murder victim and that it paid off
police officers.

News Corp. shuttered the 168-year-old News of the World last week in an effort
to quell public outrage that threatened to derail the purchase of BSkyB.

Some UK lawmakers have called on News Corp. to take further steps such as
selling its newspaper operations in that country. The company is facing a
government-led inquiry into practices at its UK newspaper division, which
includes the Sun and the Times of London.

Analysts said the end of the proposed $12 billion purchase raised questions
about what the company would do with the money earmarked for the deal. News
Corp. has announced a plan to buy back $5 billion of shares.

"With the abandonment of the deal, it does open the question of whether News
Corp. might pursue other M&A," said Cowen & Co. analyst Doug Creutz, adding that
a big acquisition was unlikely to happen in the short term.

Bank of America-Merrill Lynch analyst Jessica Reif Cohen suggested that further
share buybacks could be possible. News Corp. shares were little changed
yesterday, closing at $16.36.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 12, 2011 Tuesday

ANTITRUST REVIEW FOR BSKYB BID

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 258 words


News Corp.'s bid for satellite broadcaster British Sky Broadcasting will be
reviewed by UK antitrust regulators after the company withdrew its offer to spin
off BSkyB's Sky News to win approval for the deal.

News Corp., which also owns The Post, was going to spin off the 24-hour, cable
news channel from BSkyB in order to alleviate concerns about the concentration
of media ownership in the UK.

"News Corp. continues to believe that, taking into account the only relevant
legal test, its proposed acquisition will not lead to there being insufficient
plurality in news provision in the UK," the company said yesterday in a
statement.

By withdrawing the Sky News concession, News Corp. prompted the British
government to refer the BSkyB bid to the Competition Commission, the UK's
antitrust authority.

The agency's review, which is expected to take at least six months to complete,
puts the decision in the hands of an independent regulatory body rather than an
elected official, Jeremy Hunt, the culture secretary who was tasked with
reviewing the BSkyB deal.

The UK government is under pressure to oppose the BSkyB deal following a tabloid
hacking scandal at The News of the World.

News Corp. closed the 168-year-old paper in response to allegations that it paid
police for information and hacked the voicemails of a young murder victim.

News Corp. also owns The Sun and The Times newspapers in the UK.

News Corp. wants to buy the remaining 61 percent of BSkyB it doesn't already own
and is offering shareholders 700 pence per share.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              July 8, 2011 Friday

THE END OF NEWS OF THE WORLD

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 291 words


London's popular 168-year-old weekly newspaper News of the World is being shut
down permanently by parent News Corp. following disclosures of the tabloid's
deeper involvement in controversial hacking of phones of celebrities, officials
and private citizens in search of stories.

The sudden closure of the paper was announced yesterday in a strongly worded
condemnation of the affair by James Murdoch, deputy chief operating officer of
News Corp. and chairman of News International.

News Corp. also owns The Post.

In a company-wide announcement, Murdoch said the paper, the most-read
English-language weekly in the world, had damaged its "proud history of fighting
crime, exposing wrong-doing and regularly setting the news agenda for the
nation."

"The News of the World is in the business of holding others to account. But it
failed when it came to itself," he said.

Allegations have widened in the four-year-old hacking scandal in the UK that
employees of the paper were more widely involved that previously thought in
possible illegal behavior, including bribing of policemen and tapping phones of
grieving families of crime victims.

The last edition of the paper for readers and its staff of 200 will be Sunday.
It won't carry any advertising, and all revenue from its 2.7 million circulation
will be donated to numerous charities.

Calling the shutdown "strong measures," Murdoch said it was necessary.

"While we may never be able to make up for distress that has been caused, the
right thing to do is for every penny of the circulation revenue we receive this
weekend to go to organizations - many of whom are long-term friends and partners
- that improve life in Britain and are devoted to treating others with dignity,"
he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 5, 2011 Thursday

NEWS CORP. 3Q PROFIT DECLINES

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 233 words


News Corp. yesterday reported a 24 percent drop in fiscal third-quarter profits
- as it had a tough time measuring up to last year's blockbuster hits "Avatar"
and "Ice Age."

The drop in News Corp.'s filmed entertainment segment profits, to $248 million
from $497 million a year ago, nearly offset stellar performances from its cable
network programming and television segments.

The media company, which owns The Post, said operating profit from its cable
network segment increased 25 percent to $735 million, while its TV segment saw
operating profits grow to $192 million, up from $40 million last year.

Fox is experiencing a resurgence thanks to the continued strength of "American
Idol." Fox also broadcast the Super Bowl during the period. The network is
benefiting, too, from a new second revenue stream derived from retransmission
consent agreements, which have pay-TV operators paying to transmit the channel.

The company expects to have agreements with 80 percent of cable operators by
2012.

Net income was $639 million, or 24 cents a share, missing analysts' estimates by
a penny. Total revenues dropped to $8.25 billion from $8.7 billion.

Chief Executive Rupert Murdoch, in a statement, said that the positive response
to the company's new film, "Rio," and other upcoming releases "indicate the
difficult comparisons in this segment over the past nine months are now behind
us."

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              April 1, 2011 Friday

BILLY JOEL PULLS THE PLUG ON HIS AUTOBIOGRAPHY

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 786 words


THE Piano Man has hit a bad note.

Singer Billy Joel is canceling his $3 million memoir, "The Book of Joel," a
little more than two months before it was slated to hit bookshelves.

Joel, 61, told the Associated Press that the decision to cancel was his and that
it took writing the book for him to realize that he's not interested in talking
about the past. Joel said he preferred to let his music chronicle the ups and
downs of his life.

Three years ago, Joel was said to have snagged an estimated $3 million advance
from Harper Collins (which, like The Post, is owned by News Corp.). The tome was
being billed as an "emotional ride" that would tell about everything from Joel's
battles with drugs and alcohol to the bust-up of his marriage to Christie
Brinkley.

This Joel bio was expected to be one of Harper's big summer books, a 368-page
read with a first printing in excess of 250,000 copies. Fred Schruers, a
celebrity profiler who once worked at Rolling Stone, was the ghost writer and
shared credit on the cover as a co-author.

Joel, who has won six Grammy Awards and whose hits, including "Uptown Girl,"
"Piano Man" and "Movin' Out," have become anthems for a generation, has had a
career of high and low notes. He famously played the farewell concert at a
sold-out Shea Stadium in July 2008. and toured with Elton John in 2010. But he
also experienced a series of car crashes near his East End home on Long Island,
and alcohol played a role in several of them.

In a Rolling Stone interview in February, longtime friend Elton John said Joel's
substance abuse problems often interfered with the tour. He claimed that Joel
has never fully confronted his problem and was still wrestling with his demons.
John labeled Joel's stints in rehabilitation clinics as "rehab light."

One music industry source speculated that Joel's failure to confront his history
may have undermined the memoir. "He never fully confronted the 800-lb. gorilla
in the room, There needs to be a lot of dish in rock memoirs," the source said.

Keith Richards' long-delayed memoir rocked to the top of bestseller lists last
year in part because of its frank, no holds barred look inside his drug-addled
past.

Another theory is that Joel did not like the way the finished product was
turning out and soured on publishing it. Schruers would not comment.

Presumably, Schruers would have to be paid, but Joel, who would have collected
somewhere around $2 million of the estimated $3 million advance, would be
expected to refund the money he received from the publisher.

The Joel book was signed by Harper Collins Executive Editor David Hirshey, and
represented by super agent Amanda "Binky" Urban at ICM. Neither could be reached
for comment.

It's not the first time Joel has scrapped a book project. Joel decided against
doing a book on classical music that he was to have written for the Riverhead
imprint of Penguin several years ago.

Hearst board

The board of directors of Hearst Corp. received three new members yesterday,
boosting its total to 22.

One of them, David Carey, 50, the president of the magazine group, is seen as
the direct replacement for Cathie Black. Carey replaced Black but she remained
on the board as the magazine group's titular chairperson until she resigned to
become Mike Bloomberg's Chancellor of Education. Carey's arrival on the board
comes less than a year after his June 2010 return to Hearst from Conde Nast.

The other new members include Michael Clinton, 57, who has worked at Hearst
since 2001, most recently as the president of marketing and publishing, and
Duncan Edwards, 47, president and CEO of Hearst Magazines International.

The appointments make the executives virtually made men.

Unlike most major corporations, where executives vanish when given the gold
watch upon retirement, Hearst executives tend to hang around for life - except
for the odd manager given a boot out the door, which happens about every decade
or so.

Past magazine group president Gil Mauer, for instance, is still on the board,
even though he last headed magazines in the early 1990s. Frank Bennack, 78, the
current Hearst Corp. CEO, had relinquished the CEO job in 2002, but stayed on
the board. He is close to the Hearst family and returned to the top job in 2008
when Victor Ganzi got the boot. Ganzi was also booted off the board of
directors.

Under a complicated will left behind by company founder William Randolph Hearst,
Hearst directors are elected by the Hearst Family Trust, but the business has to
be controlled by non-family members under the ironclad will. And the trust
eventually dissolves upon the death of the last Hearst grandchild who was living
when William Randolph Hearst was still alive.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            March 17, 2011 Thursday

'L.A.' REID JUMPS TO FOX SHOW

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 195 words


Universal Music label boss Antonio "L.A." Reid is hip-hopping to TV.

The chairman of Universal's Island Def Jam will leave to become a judge on Simon
Cowell's upcoming Fox TV show "The X-Factor," according to people familiar with
discussions. News Corp. owns Fox and The Post.

Reid, who has been angling for an exit from Universal for months in order to
pursue other interests, got his wish this week when the show's producers made
him a firm offer. Universal agreed to let Reid out of his contract, which
expires at the end of the year.

Reid has shepherded acts such as Rihanna, Mariah Carey, Bon Jovi and Justin
Bieber in his six years with the label.

The move is a big departure for Reid, but in a twist worthy of a reality show,
he will be employed by Cowell's production company, Syco, a joint venture with
Sony Music.

Former Sony Music RCA/Jive label exec, Barry Weiss, who left Sony for Universal
late last year, will take over at Island Def Jam.

Reid is one of several senior execs to exit Universal in recent months,
including Chairman Doug Morris, who left this month for the top spot at Sony.
Universal is under pressure by parent Vivendi to cut costs.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 'L.A.' REID Off to TV territory

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 22, 2011 Tuesday

NEWS CORP. BUYS SHINE FOR $670M

BYLINE: MARK DeCAMBRE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 171 words


News Corp., run by Chairman Rupert Murdoch, has agreed to acquire Elisabeth
Murdoch's UK-based television production company Shine, in a deal valued at
roughly $670 million.

Murdoch said his daughter will join her brothers, James and Lachlan, on the News
Corp. board once the deal is completed.

The planned purchase marks the return of 42-year-old Elisabeth to News Corp.,
where she worked at British Sky Broadcasting before departing in 2000.

She went on to found Shine in 2001, turning it into one of the UK's biggest
independent production firm with shows like "The Biggest Loser," MasterChef" and
"History Cold Case."

Shine provides programming to BSkyB, which owns a 13 percent stake in the
company. News Corp. is in the process of trying to buy the remaining 60.9
percent of BSkyB it doesn't own.

News Corp. also owns The New York Post.

The Shine acquisition comes as consolidation in the media industry has been
gathering steam with Time Warner's purchase of another UK production company,
Shed Media, last year.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            February 8, 2011 Tuesday

FINRA EYES SPACE AT 1 WFC

BYLINE: Steve Cuozzo

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 612 words


JUST days after the New York Times once again proclaimed the waning of
downtown's financial-capital days, we've learned the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority, or FINRA - the successor to the National Assn. of
Securities Dealers - aims to expand with a big move to 1 World Financial Center.

The independent securities-firm regulator is negotiating for 204,067 square feet
on floors 9-12 in a sublease from Dow Jones, which moved to Midtown from the
Brookfield-owned tower about 18 months ago. (Dow Jones is owned by News Corp.,
which also owns The Post.)

The move would mean a net expansion for FINRA of 50,000 square feet, sources
said. The deal isn't done but it appears on track. A lease is out on the space
and FINRA has applied to the city's Industrial Development Agency to extend tax
exemptions it already enjoys to 1 WFC, where 70,000 square-foot floors are more
efficient than in the prewar addresses it'll leave behind.

The IDA is expected to approve the request at a hearing on March 3.

Meanwhile, Capstone Equities, which owns 14 Wall St., is already marketing
80,000 square feet which FINRA plans to vacate later this year. The leasing
agent, CB Richard Ellis's Bradley Gerla, says he's already seeing "a lot of
activity."

Calls to FINRA's brokers, Cushman & Wakefield's John Cefaly and Rob Lowe,
weren't returned. Dow Jones' rep, CBRE's Kenneth Rapp, declined to comment.

FINRA currently also has space at One Liberty Plaza and 20 Broad St., where it's
a subtenant of the New York Stock Exchange. The NYSE is repped by CBRE's Mary
Ann Tighe, who declined to comment. FINRA will remain at One Liberty.

Although Brookfield isn't a party to the transaction, it reduces some of the
availability that overhangs the entire WFC, where Merrill Lynch is likely to
give up or shrink its space by 2013.

There's also the Nomura situation. The firm, now at Brookfield's 2 WFC, is in
talks with the owners of 825 Eighth Ave. to move uptown. In fact, we've learned
Nomura just signed a letter of intent with landlord George Comfort & Sons for
800,000 square feet, more than previously reported.

But the LOI is nonbinding. Brookfield is meanwhile negotiating furiously with
Nomura to stay at 2 WFC. The firm has grown from 650 employees in the city to
about 2000 in two years.

Elsewhere in the neighborhood, Crain's reported that Oppenheimer & Co. is
negotiating for 290,000 at 85 Broad St. - another deal which, if completed,
would represent financial-industry growth downtown.

*

The investment-sale revival has spread to downtown Brooklyn. George Klein's Park
Tower Realty has sold the office building at 30 Flatbush Ave. to a joint venture
of Angelo Power and Capstone Equities for $57 million - or $236 per square foot
for the 241,633 square-footer, which is netleased to Con Ed through 2027. It's
across from Dermot Co.'s new luxury apartment tower 29 Flatbush, which recently
broke ground.

Park Tower was represented by Cushman & Wakefield's Capital Markets Group, which
completed transactions valued at over $400 million in the second half of last
year. Brokers involved included Steven Kohn, Helen Hwang, Nat Rockett and Karen
Wiedenmann as well as Arthur Sonnenblick of the firm's debt and equity finance
unit, Cushman & Wakefield Sonnenblick Goldman.

*

Global business technology consulting firm Capco is more than doubling its
Manhattan space. The firm is leaving 120 Broadway for 77 Water St., where it
will have 48,700 square feet, sources said.

The deal, a sublease from Goldman Sachs, includes expansion options in the
building. CB Richard Ellis's Joan Meixner and Gerry Miovski represented Capco
and Cushman & Wakefield repped Goldman.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 3, 2011 Thursday

DIGITAL DESTINY - IPAD-ONLY PAPER WINS DESIGN KUDOS IN LAUNCH

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON and KEITH J. KELLY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 418 words


News Corp. launched its ambitious digital newspaper yesterday, The Daily, the
world's first iPad-only publication.

The paper, which features 360-degree photos and high-definition video with the
usual mix of news, gossip and sports coverage, was designed in partnership with
iPad maker, Apple.

The Daily costs 14 cents a day, 99 cents a week or $39.99 a year. News Corp.
also owns The Post.

Not surprisingly, Apple Chief Executive Steve Jobs was extremely involved in the
product's design.

"He really pushed the big clean design, for a very clear single visual
statement," one source close to project said. "He really got into details, like
no borders around the pages." The cover of the debut issue, which features a
striking photo of a protester in Cairo atop a statue, is an example of Jobs's
vision, the source said.

'The Daily is the first app in the iTunes App Store that has a subscription
billed directly to subscribers' iTunes accounts - although the model will soon
be available for other publishers. Currently, other news outlets link to
publishers' own billing systems.

"The iPad demands that we completely re-imagine our craft," News Corp. CEO
Rupert Murdoch said at an event to roll out The Daily. Murdoch noted that the
company had invested $30 million in the venture that is costing less than
$500,000 a week to operate.

"It will be judged two ways - usability and elegance of experience - but
primarily it will live and die on the content," said Andy Chapman, head of
digital trading at Mindshare North America, who has been reviewing the product
for the past six weeks.

Newspaper analyst Ken Doctor said he was impressed at the way News Corp. has
taken advantage of the iPad's touch screen in a way that other publications
haven't. "I think they've set a new standard," he said. "They've passed their
first test."

The Daily's six sections also include opinion, arts and life, and apps and
games. Readers can customize their editions with settings to receive news about
their favorite sports teams.

Thirty percent of the subscription revenue goes to Apple. Advertisers in the
first issue included HBO, Macy's, Paramount, Pepsi Max, Range Rover, Verizon and
Virgin Atlantic.

When asked about The Daily's political leanings, Editor-In-Chief Jesse Angelo
said, "I think in the editorial page we are patriotic. We believe in free ideas.
People will be perhaps surprised."

The Daily will eventually be expanded to all major tablets and could be
redesigned for smartphones.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: First of its kind: News Corp. yesterday launched The Daily - the first
ever newspaper designed for the iPad. Eye-catching features include: For sports
fans, complete Super Bowl game recaps, photos and facts at your fingertips;
Celebrity pages that include live Twitter feeds; Style pages provide pricing
details and an option to buy featured items.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 3, 2011 Thursday

NEWS CORP. POSTS PROFIT OF $642M

BYLINE: Claire Atkinson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 246 words


Profit more than doubled in the three months ended Dec. 31 at News Corp., thanks
to a buoyant TV ad market in the US and abroad.

News Corp. reported net income of $642 million, or 24 cents a share. Excluding
charges, the company earned 29 cents a share, beating Wall Street estimates by a
penny.

The cable programming segment, which includes Fox News, FX and National
Geographic, saw operating income climb by 22 percent compared to a year ago,
aided by higher ratings and a growing willingness among companies nationwide to
increase marketing dollars. That trend has aided all media companies.

International performance of News Corp. cable channels was particularly strong.
Ad revenue grew 27 percent overseas, and 12 percent at home while affiliate
revenue rose 17 percent overseas, and 10 percent in the US.

Overall, revenue in the fiscal second quarter was relatively flat, at $8.76
billion. The broadcast network posted top-line gains of 20 percent amid a
stronger local ad market.

News Corp.'s Digital Media Group posted an operating loss of $156 million in the
period as lower search and ad sales at MySpace hurt operations. A year earlier,
the unit posted an operating loss of $125 million.

Filmed entertainment also saw a drop in profits, reflecting tough comparisons
against home entertainment sales for "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs," released
in the period last year.

News Corp., which owns The Post, saw its A shares rise 2.6 percent yesterday to
$15.99.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            January 28, 2011 Friday

NEWS CORP.'S BX. SCHOLARSHIP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 68 words


News Corp. has set up a $20,000 college scholarship fund in the South Bronx that
will be administered by the South Bronx Overall Economic Development Corp.
(SoBRO).

"We hope that the educational partnership with SoBRO in the South Bronx will
serve as the model for expanding the program to other New York boroughs," said
Pamela Fisher, vice president for corporate diversity at News Corp., which owns
The Post.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             January 7, 2011 Friday

FOX EXECS SHIFT AFTER CHIEF QUITS

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 142 words


News Corp. is restructuring its Fox Networks Group with the departure of Tony
Vinciquerra, who is leaving his post as chairman and CEO of the television
operations after 10 years with the company.

Vinciquerra, who most recently led retransmission consent negotiations with
Cablevision and other pay-TV companies, said in a statement he'd likely pursue a
more entrepreneurial path.

News Corp. President and COO Chase Carey promoted David Haslingden to president
and chief operating officer of Fox Networks Group, while Randy Freer and Eric
Shanks were named co-presidents and COOs of Fox Sports Media Group.

Other senior execs in the television group, including David Hill, chairman and
CEO of Fox Sports Media Group, and Peter Rice, the chairman of entertainment,
will now report to Carey as part of the restructuring.

News Corp. also owns The Post.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 12, 2010 Sunday

LIVE FROM NY: SNL DEAL$ - ZUCKER NOT FOR-LORNE OVER NETFLIX VIDEO PACT

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 793 words


Is NBC Universal CEO Jeff Zucker agreeing to deals that line the pockets of his
closest allies before the Comcast takeover?

That's what some folks inside 30 Rock are saying in light of NBC Universal's
pact to sell video-streaming service Netflix fresh episodes of "SNL" a day after
they air on TV.

The move would appear to undermine Hulu in its quest to be the only place for
in-season broadcast network fare. It's all the more strange when one considers
who created Hulu: NBC Universal. Post owner News Corp., Walt Disney Co. and
Providence Equity are other Hulu backers.

The agreement also feeds a key rival of Comcast, the cable operator on the cusp
of acquiring NBC Universal. While securities law requires Comcast to keep silent
about NBC's current dealings, one rival content provider quipped, "If I were
Brian Roberts or Steve Burke, I'd shoot whoever did that deal."

Bundled as part of the "SNL" deal are previous seasons of "30 Rock," and old
episodes of "The Office."

Both "SNL," and "30 Rock" are produced by Lorne Michaels, who is rumored to have
benefited nicely from the sale, though others say Michaels wasn't the one who
pushed the agreement. Claire Atkinson

GOOD SKATE

Over at the alphabet network, former marketing head Mike Benson might have been
ousted from his position, but that hasn't stopped him from appearing on ABC,
albeit inadvertently.

Benson followed his boss, ABC Entertainment Chief Steve McPherson, out of the
door this summer, but he still has a Disney connection. Benson is dating "All My
Children" star Rebecca Budig (photo), who's currently cutting up the ice as a
competitor on "Skating With The Stars."

He's been giving her plenty of support on the sidelines of the rink.

Benson was spotted supporting his squeeze, dressed in smart slacks and a jacket.
Sadly "Skating with the Stars," a BBC Worldwide production filmed at the CBS
Studios, is no match for its big sister.

Entertainment Weekly says it's a "low-rent verging on a homeless version of
'Dancing with the Stars.'"

Claire Atkinson

NITWIT

It's a clash of New York enforcers past.

Former Mayor Rudy Giuliani took a few shots at ex-Governor and New York State
Attorney General Eliot Spitzer.

At one point, Giuliani referred to Spitzer, who served as a
take-no-prisoners-style attorney general from 1999 to 2006, as a "nitwit" at an
insurance-industry conference at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel on Wednesday night.

The comments were made as Giuliani, who served as US Attorney in Manhattan in
the late 1980s, waxed

defensive on the reputation of former American International Group CEO Hank
Greenberg at a charitable dinner honoring the former exec.

Greenberg was forced into retire ment five years  ago after Spitzer  targeted
him  and General  Reinsurance in  an accounting  scandal.

"I think what was done to [Hank Greenberg] was one of the great outrages in
American legal history," Giuliani said at the Insur ance Industry Charitable
Foundation event, according  to sources there.

"And the person who is doing it is terrible on television," Giuliani joked to
attendees. "What a nitwit," the former Mayor added.

Spitzer's spokeswoman   fired back, saying that "For   Rudy Giuliani to defend
AIG and the executives at AIG who cost taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars
while committing fraud says all you need to know."

Requests for comments from Giuliani were not returned.   Mark DeCambre

DISPOSED

A legal spat between Patricia Cohen, the ex-wife of infamous hedge fund trader
Stevie Cohen, and her former lawyer, Gaytri Kachroo, is getting heated before it
even gets started.

Kachroo's legal team is accusing Patricia of avoiding deposition in a proceeding
she started when she sued Kachroo for breach of contract. But Patricia's side is
saying Kachroo's legal aides are doing it all wrong by seeking deposition before
the case is heard by the judge.

Kachroo helped Patricia make headlines this year by suing her rich ex for a
"substantial, if not controlling" interest in Cohen's $13 billion hedge-fund
empire.

The suit stems from Patricia's claims that Cohen lied about their marital assets
when they divorced 20 years ago.

Within months, however, Patricia fired Kachroo and sued her for $60,000 for
breach of contract. She hired a new legal team - the third -  to handle the
case.

According to state court documents, Patricia was scheduled to appear last
Tuesday for "an order compelling" her to a deposition - the second such request
in recent weeks. But neither Patricia nor the attorney representing her, Robert
Roseman, showed up to the hearing, a person with knowledge of the situation told
The Post.

Word has it that Kachroo, who declined comment, is planning to countersue for
the legal fees owed her. Kaja Whitehouse

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: REBECCA BUDIG. (UPI)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           December 11, 2010 Saturday

MIKE: REVERSE OUTSOURCING

BYLINE: Carl Campanile

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 102 words


Mayor Bloomberg waded into the national debate on immigration reform yesterday.

"[This] is neither a Republican issue nor a Democratic issue; it's an economic
issue," he said at the New York Stock Exchange, where he joined News Corp.
Chairman Rupert Murdoch and other business leaders in backing a proposal to make
it easier for US firms to hire talented foreign workers. (News Corp. owns The
Post.)

"If we keep the best and the brightest out of this country, all the next big
things will happen outside the country," said Bloomberg, who on Wednesday
blasted Congress for making "a mess of our country."

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 27, 2010 Saturday

ROYAL ROMANCE A FAIRYTALE BOOK

BYLINE: Rita Delfiner with AP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 92 words


Just 10 days after Prince William and Kate Middleton publicly showed off her
sapphire and diamond engagement ring, the first book is out about their
multi-faceted romance.

"William and Kate: A Royal Love Story," which hit the shelves yesterday in
Britain - will be published in the United States on Dec. 17.

The book, by James Clench, was published by HarperCollins and The Sun newspaper.
Both are owned by News Corp., which also owns The Post.

Clench wrote most of the book in advance - and then churned out the last 4,000
words in 48 hours.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 25, 2010 Thursday

WEB-SCRIPT $UIT

BYLINE: Kieran Crowley

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 69 words


A Long Island screenwriter was slapped with a $15 million federal lawsuit for
posting 20th Century Fox movie scripts on the Internet - including a major
comic-book flick still in the works, court papers say.

Patricia McIlvaine, of Mount Sinai, said she maintains a script database that
she was using to help educate other screenwriters.

Fox, owned by The Post's parent company, News Corp., declined comment.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 23, 2010 Tuesday

NEWS CORP. ACQUIRES WIRELESS GENERATION

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 329 words


News Corp. is moving in a new direction and aiming for a slice of the hi-tech
education business with an agreement to buy data firm Wireless Generation for
$360 million in cash, the company announced yesterday.

Wireless Generation, a 10-year-old firm, builds large scale data systems that
help educators and parents keep track of student progress. The company also
houses social-networking tools to encourage best practices and build communities
for teachers. Part of the company's business is to identify where children need
more individual help and convey that to educators.

The move is News Corp.'s first major foray into the $500 billion US education
sector, though the company, which also owns The Post, has been in the school
text book business. The fresh direction comes just days after the appointment of
New York City Department of Education Chancellor Joel Klein as an executive
vice-president and board member of the company.

Klein is set to join News Corp. in January after eight years running New York
City's schools.

Speaking at a dinner in Washington recently, Rupert Murdoch, News Corp. Chairman
and CEO, said, "In plain English, we trap the children who need an education
most in failure factories." In a statement about the deal, he continued, "When
it comes to K through 12 education, we see a $500 billion sector in the US alone
that is waiting desperately to be transformed by big breakthroughs that extend
the reach of great teaching."

Murdoch has been on a crusade of late aiming to highlight the need for improved
education to keep America competitive. Improving education has been a priority
of many executives, including Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, who is donating $100
million to Newark, NJ, schools, and Oprah Winfrey, who also funds educational
improvement initiatives.

Wireless Generation fits into a new vision of the education system which will be
revolutionized by technology and tools that help connect parents with the
classroom.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            November 19, 2010 Friday

CATHIE BLACK'S BOOK IS HOT

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 827 words


SALES of Cathie Black's business memoir, "Basic Black," have spiked since Mayor
Mike Bloomberg unveiled his decision last week to tap the media executive as the
new chancellor of the Department of Education.

"There's no question her appointment has had an impact at retail," said Stuart
Appelbaum, a spokesman for Random House Inc., which published the book in 2007
through its Crown/Business imprint. He said sales are up 400 percent in New York
City since the surprise announcement that she was picked to succeed outgoing
chancellor Joel Klein, who is headed to the News Corp. board (parent company of
The Post).

The book, when it first appeared, was helped through excerpts in Hearst
magazine, O, The Oprah Magazine, and by Black's appearance on Oprah Winfrey's
talk show.

The book also rankled some of the Hearst brass at the time, who felt Black was
being too self promotional while the magazine empire of Cosmopolitan, Good
Housekeeping, Red Book and Marie Claire was starting to show some signs of
stress.

The book sold "more than 130,000 copies," according to Applebaum and ended up
becoming a national bestseller. Sales of the paperback which hit in 2008, were a
little more tepid.

To-do list

Tina Brown, the incoming editor-in-chief of Newsweek Daily Beast Co., has been
trying to calm worried staffers primarily on the Newsweek side of the proposed
merger between Sidney Harman's Newsweek and the Barry Diller-owned Daily Beast.

Today, Brown is slated to journey to the embattled Washington, D.C., bureau of
Newsweek where Bureau Chief Jeff Bartholet had already announced he was leaving.
Brown had hired media critic Howard Kurtz from the Washington Post weeks ago and
installed him as the bureau chief of the Daily Beast.

Sources say that Brown would also like Evan Thomas to do more writing for the
magazine.

In August, long before the merger talk surfaced, the veteran editor-at-large,
with 25 years experience on the weekly, was one of the high-profile people to
say they would exit.

He agreed to do a few long pieces per year while he teaches at Princeton and
works on a bio of President Dwight Eisenhower.

Said Thomas via e-mail: "I will not be at the meeting. I have told Sidney that I
will write six pieces a year (the first is in the magazine this week). I have
not heard from Tina."

Brown's bigger problem may be trying to quell the panic in the ranks that
erupted at Newsweek.com when a report surfaced late last week that it was going
to be shut down.

Brown was quick to try to stamp out that brushfire as quickly as possible. Last
Friday, she tweeted: "Woah! Newsweek.com's superb content will live on under its
own banner & in URLs on the new site. Not shutting down, combining."

Brown dispatched the Daily Beast's Tom Watson to meet with worried Newsweek.com
staffers on Wednesday to further try to calm nerves, Joe Pompeo was reporting on
Yahoo! News. Although nothing concrete emerged, Watson was basically telling
staffers "to sit tight and don't panic," he quoted one staffer as saying.

Brown was at the National Book Awards on Wednesday night at Cipriani Wall Street
where she gave the keynote address to introduce "Bonfire of the Vanities" author
Tom Wolfe, who, in a lengthy address, reminisced about his days in daily
journalism at the Springfield Union, the Washington Post and the Herald Tribune.

The Daily Beast also sponsored the after-party, but Brown did not stick around
for the festivities which went until after 1 a.m.

Among the invited guests on hand was Maer Roshan, who was famously raided from
his job at New York to take on the task of trying to save the ill-fated Talk,
Tina's last magazine. Roshan, who saw his own Radar magazine crash and burn
three times, was quick to spike talk that he was hooking up with Brown again. "I
love working with Tina, but at the moment I'm happily pursuing my own projects,"
he said.

The tentative pact that was signed to merge Beast and Newsweek was unveiled last
Friday. One source said the deal might be finalized by early December, although
no firm date has been put out. The new team has pledged only "modest cuts" but
the anticipation is that most of the cuts will come from the Newsweek side in
part because previous owner Washington Post Company will be picking up some of
the severance costs.

Said one insider, "I think they are just getting down to brass tacks to try to
come up with a plan."

Final cut?

Staffers at Bloomberg BusinessWeek who made the move after the sale of the
weekly by McGraw-Hill Companies last year are nervously watching the calendar.

Any of the surviving staffers who made the move will still collect severance
from McGraw-Hill provided they are downsized or laid off on or before Dec. 1 -
the one-year anniversary of the $9 million sale.

Several weeks ago, three were laid off in the Bloomberg BusinessWeek online
operation - Patricia O'Connell, Will Andrews and Phil Mintz, but nobody knows if
that was the final cut or not.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 4, 2010 Thursday

FOX RATINGS LANDSLIDE

BYLINE: Post staff writer

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 74 words


Tuesday's election-night returns were a huge hit for Fox News Channel, according
to ratings released yesterday.

Fox News drew nearly 7 million viewers in prime time - more than CNN (2.4
million total viewers) and MSNBC (1.94 million) combined.

At 10 p.m., in fact, Fox News' audience was even bigger than the three broadcast
networks, according to early ratings data.

Fox News is owned by News Corp., which also owns the New York Post.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 4, 2010 Thursday

NEWS CORP. PROFIT SOARS TO $775M

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 164 words


News Corp.'s first-quarter profit jumped 36 percent after its cable, broadcast
and newspaper businesses all posted gains.

Cable channels, which now account for 25 percent of revenues, continued to drive
results for the media company.

An advertising recovery in the television and newspaper markets also helped, as
did higher fees from cable and satellite providers for News Corp.'s cable and
broadcast channels.

Last week, Fox reached new deals with Dish Network and Cablevision Systems to
carry its programming.

Speaking on the earnings call, Chief Operating Officer Chase Carey said such
deals are key to driving growth in the broadcast-TV business. "Over the next
couple of years as we continue to close new agreements we will be taking this
business to a whole new level of profitability," he said.

News Corp., which owns The Post, said profit rose to $775 million, or 30 cents a
share, from $571 million, or 22 cents, a year ago. Revenue climbed 3 percent to
$7.4 billion.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHASE CAREY Cable is key.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 29, 2010 Friday

QUIET DAY IN TV SPAT

BYLINE: Post staff

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 76 words


As the standoff between Cablevision and Fox entered its 14th day, no new
carriage agreement talks between the two companies were scheduled. The dispute
has resulted in the network pulling its programming - including the World Series
and some NFL games - from Cablevision's system.

Meanwhile, some subscribers with Dish Network, which is also in talks with News
Corp., which owns Fox and The Post, may get hit with a similar blackout
beginning Monday.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 28, 2010 Thursday

HITS ARE MISSED: CABLEVISION, FOX TALKS STRIKE OUT

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON and JEANE MacINTOSH

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 438 words


Cablevision and News Corp.'s Fox failed to make peace before the first pitch of
the World Series last night.

Their standoff over how much the cable operator should pay to carry Fox stations
has deprived 3 million households in the New York area and Philadelphia of major
sporting events, news coverage and primetime shows such as "Glee." The blackout
is heading into its 13th day.

Last night, Cablevision, whose CEO is James Dolan, told customers that if they
paid MLB.com the $10 fee to get access to the live Web-streaming of the World
Series, it would reimburse them.

Yesterday, the two parties briefly went back to the negotiating table after
Cablevision made a new offer - but News Corp. rejected it.

Cablevision said it would pay for Fox, but that its offer was contingent on
getting the same price Time Warner Cable pays for a package of channels that
includes Fox.

Analysts estimate that Time Warner is paying 50 cents per household a month for
Fox, with increases that kick in over a few years.

News Corp. cried foul, arguing that Time Warner Cable gets a discount because it
also agreed to carry a bundle of News Corp. channels, including FX network.

Fox dismissed Cablevision's offer as "yet another publicity stunt."

Cablevision accused Fox of negotiating in "bad faith" and renewed calls for the
Federal Communications Commission to intercede in the dispute.

No further talks were scheduled as of last night.

News Corp., which also owns The Post, is also negotiating with satellite-TV
provider Dish network over new terms to carry the Fox network and an array of
cable channels.

Meanwhile, Cablevision was slapped with another class action lawsuit over
failing to provide Fox programming to customers.

The latest suit, seeking a total of $450 million for a month of restitution for
all subscribers, or more if the dispute continues, was filed by Julia Gallo of
Yorktown Heights, Andrew Koplik of Mountain Lakes, NJ, and Dorothy Rabsey of
Stamford, Conn., on behalf of customers in all three states.

The trio said that they've been deprived of their favorite shows, including
"Glee," as well as the MLB playoffs and Giants football.

They're also left without Fox's news coverage "just days before a critical
mid-term election," the suit notes. The suit claims Cablevision has failed to
offer a rebate on lost service and should have started negotiating with News
Corp. well before its contract expiration.

The suit also seeks an injunction to bar Cablevision from dropping networks
during disputes in the future. Earlier this week, two Long Islanders filed a
similar suit against the cable provider.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JAMES DOLAN Cablevision CEO.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 26, 2010 Tuesday

FCC FIGHT FOR NEWS CORP., CABLEVISION

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 110 words


News Corp.'s Fox said Cablevision wanted to restrict online distribution of Fox
programming as part of their carriage deal.

In a letter to the Federal Communications Commission, Fox said Cablevision
wanted restrictions on content that "would have required us to terminate
business relationships with other distribution outlets with which Cablevision
competes."

Online distribution of TV shows has been a bone of contention in disputes over
carriage fees. While Fox didn't disclose names, the network appears to be
referring to online video sites such as Hulu.com that also carry Fox shows.

News Corp., which owns Fox and The Post, is also a partner in Hulu.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 18, 2010 Monday

FOX, CABLEVISION 'FAR APART'

BYLINE: Claire Atkinson and Jeremy Olshan

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 156 words


Cablevision customers missed out on the Giants and Phillies - and Dr. House
could be next.

The blackout of Fox programs, which began Saturday, continued today as the cable
company and News Corp., which owns The Post, remain unable to negotiate a deal
on fees paid for its stations.

The two sides broke off talks yesterday but said they planned to go back to the
bargaining table today.

"The parties had several discussions again today but no material progress, was
made and we continue to remain far apart," News Corp. said in a statement
yesterday. "However, both sides agreed to continue talking tomorrow [Monday]."

Viewers were prevented from seeing the National League Championship Series game
between Philadelphia and San Francisco, as well as yesterday's Fox football
games. "House" is scheduled to air tonight.

"Listening to Giants on the radio. Thanks, Cablevision - ruining my Sunday
routine," one viewer posted on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 16, 2010 Saturday

FOX GOES DARK FOR CABLEVISION VIEWERS

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 283 words


The Fox network went off the air last night for 3 million cable subscribers
after talks broke down between Cablevision and News Corp.

Their current contract expired just after the stroke of midnight without an
agreement over retransmission fees that News Corp. wanted for its broadcast
channels.

"We deeply regret that Cablevision refuses to recognize the value of our
programming," said WNYW FOX5 and WWOR MY9 vice president and general manager Lew
Leone.

Sources close to the dispute said the two sides were far apart on making any
kind of compromise.

"News Corp has refused to negotiate in good faith and rejected calls from dozens
of political leaders to not pull the plug and join Cablevision in binding
arbitration," said Cablevision spokesman. Charles Schueler.

Without an agreement, the blackout will deprive New York area Cablevision
subscribers of major sports events, including tomorrow's NFL Giants-Lions game
and the National League playoffs, which begin tonight. A protracted stalemate
could deprive Cablevision viewers of the World Series.

Yesterday, the Federal Communications Commission proposed mediation - an option
Cablevision first proposed - to prevent programming disruptions over the
weekend.

Fox said no to mediation. Fox, like The Post, is owned by News Corp.

Meanwhile, a number of local politicians have been weighing in on the debate,
suggesting the two parties agree to binding arbitration.

Cablevision is among the pay-TV operators that have pushed for FCC oversight of
so-called retransmission negotiations.

Fox and other TV broadcasters want cable and satellite firms to pay them to
carry their programming in the same way they pay cable networks.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 16, 2010 Saturday

CABLEVISION-FOX TALKS INCHING TOWARD OT

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON

SECTION: Metro+Sports Extra; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 259 words


Talks between Cablevision and News Corp.'s Fox are going down to the wire as the
two media companies negotiate a deal for carriage of Fox programming.

The current contract is set to expire just after the stroke of midnight, which
means Fox programming could be pulled from Cablevision systems unless they reach
new terms or agree to continue talking without a blackout.

Sources close to the dispute said it appeared unlikely that a resolution would
be reached by the deadline, although the parties kept talking as the day wore
on.

A blackout would deprive New York area residents of a host of major sports
events, including the NFL Giants game tomorrow and the MLB playoffs.

Yesterday, the Federal Communications Commission proposed mediation - an option
Cablevision first proposed - to prevent programming disruptions over the
weekend.

Fox said no to mediation. Fox, like The Post, is owned by News Corp.

Meanwhile, a number of local politicians have been weighing in on the debate,
suggesting the two parties agree to binding arbitration.

Cablevision is among the pay-TV operators that have pushed for FCC oversight of
so-called retransmission negotiations.

Fox and other TV broadcasters want cable and satellite firms to pay them to
carry their programming in the same way they pay cable networks.

In a report yesterday, analyst Richard Greenfield of BTIG Research said sports
is one of the biggest drivers of pay-TV loyalty. "If Fox goes dark, CVC shares
would be negatively impacted near-term," Greenfield wrote in a note to clients.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 13, 2010 Wednesday

-GOODBYE TO MY BELOVED NY (M) -IT'S STILL THE BEST SIX EVER (S, LCF)

BYLINE: Richard Johnson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 245 words


THIS is goodbye. After editing this column for nearly 25 years, I am taking my
act on the road and heading to Los Angeles to work on a new digital venture for
News Corp.

No tears, please. This is not a demotion. I never dreamed, in 1984, when I
started at Page Six, that I'd be here for a quarter of a century.

No one else did, either. In fact, about 20 years ago, when a hotshot reporter
was brought onto the Page Six staff under me, a snarky media columnist wrote,
"Shades of Wally Pipp."

From our library, which still relied on yellowed clippings in weathered
envelopes, I learned Wally Pipp was the Yankees' first baseman in 1925, when he
was benched for Lou Gehrig. The Iron Horse then went on to play a record 2,130
consecutive games for the Bronx Bombers.

Years later, I demanded an apology from the snarky columnist, saying, "I'm not
Wally Pipp - I'm Lou Gehrig!"

It's been a great run - despite my feuds with a Barfly, a Bloviator and an
Uberdork, and a couple of drinks thrown in my face.

It couldn't have happened without this newspaper's Murderers Row of reporters
and editors who surrounded me, the sources who fed us scoops and the fans who
claim, "It's the first thing I read every morning." Thank you all.

And keep reading - Emily Smith is not to be trifled with.

I'll miss you. Having lived in New York my whole life, I'm not going to renounce
the woeful Knicks and become a Lakers fan.

In the words of J.J. Hunsecker, "I love this dirty town."

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 13, 2010 Wednesday

SPECIAL DAY FOR 9 SPECIAL NYERS - SALUTE TO UNSUNG, ALTRUISTIC HEROES

BYLINE: RITA DELFINER

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 1190 words


Nine ordinary New Yorkers who made an extraordinary difference were hailed as
the ninth annual New York Post Liberty Medals were awarded last night.

Regis Philbin, who has emceed the awards for eight consecutive years, took the
podium at the ceremony, held at the Midtown headquarters of the News
Corporation, which owns The Post.

"This is really a treat for me," he said. "Every year I am proud to be part of
it. The first time I heard about it I said, 'What a great idea that in the great
city of millions, we take time to honor a handful of people who have done
something so extraordinary.' "

Annie Levy, who put cameras into the hands of kids with life-threatening
illnesses so they could give "voice" to their experiences, said that when she
learned she won the medal for Leadership, "I was so happy to think that the work
the kids did was being acknowledged that it made me dance around my apartment."

Alison Wasserman, 13, whose dad was battling a malignant brain tumor, won the
Young Heart medal for raising $303,250 for brain-cancer research. "I hope the
money leads to a cure," said the teen, who lost her beloved father in August.

She got a standing ovation and Philbin said, "Alison, we're sorry for your loss,
but we're sure your dad is very proud of you tonight."

The Post launched the Liberty Medals program in the wake of 9/11 to salute
unsung heroes who go the extra mile to help us through tough times - and
recognize those whose energy and vision make our city the best in the world.

A panel of prominent New Yorkers selected the winners from the finalists in each
of eight categories.

Courage winner Nicholas Przybyla, who jumped into the East River near a downtown
pier to rescue a fellow passenger who had toppled off a ferry, said, "My parents
are proud of me. I hope other people will be encouraged to lend a helping hand -
and their parents will be proud of them."

Joshua David and Robert Hammond, who had the innovative idea to transform the
abandoned High Line into an elevated park, got the Lifetime Achievement medal.
"It is an incredibly meaningful award," said David.

But, added Hammond, the medal "really belongs to the thousands of Friends of the
High Line who helped turn the High Line from a crazy dream into this great New
York City park."

Jabali Sawicki is principal of Brooklyn's Excellence Boys Charter School of
Bedford-Stuyvesant - which predominantly serves African-American boys and
teaches them that "college is a matter of when, not if." He said he's sharing
his Educator medal with "a committed group of school leaders, dedicated
teachers, motivated parents and brilliant scholars."

Barton Brooks, who snagged the Freedom medal for traveling the globe as a
grass-roots volunteer, said he was lucky for being "able to meet such amazing
people around the world, and for the opportunity to watch their lives change due
to the generosity of my friends and supporters in NYC."

Police Commissioner Ray Kelly presented the Finest medal and FDNY Commissioner
Sal Cassano the Bravest award.

NYPD Sgt. Christopher Newsom, who faced down a machine-gun-toting hustler in
crowded Times Square in a chilling incident where no innocent bystanders were
harmed. He said he would accept his honor "on behalf of the whole department and
the officers who put their lives on the line every day. I love the satisfaction
of helping. I love making a difference in a small way."

Firefighter Desmond Walsh, who won the Bravest medal for crawling through flames
to rescue a badly burned 3-year-old Brooklyn girl - and who has a 3-year-old son
of his own - said "any firefighter would do the same thing I did."

---

2010 LIBERTY MEDAL WINNERS

YOUNG HEART: ALISON WASSERMAN - Wasserman, 13, raised $303,250 for braincancer
research in honor of her dad, who was battling a malignant brain tumor. She
joined with Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center and Equinox fitness clubs for
a "Kids for Survival" fund-raiser in January. "I'm so proud of Ali," her dad
told The Post in August, just days before he passed away. Said Alison, "He's
taught me to always be resilient and never give up."

LEADERSHIP: ANNIE LEVY - When she saw young adults at Montefiore Medical Center
with life-threatening illnesses who could benefit from an outlet to express
their emotions, photographer and project designer Levy put cameras into their
hands. She helped young patients at the Bronx hospital's Oncology Support Group
use the cameras to "give voice to their experiences," Levy says. "They truly
celebrate life in their photos."

EDUCATOR: JABALI SAWICKI - Each class at Brooklyn's Excellence Boys Charter
School of Bedford-Stuyvesant is named after a college, a symbol of its mission
to ensure the kids "enter, succeed in and graduate from college," says Principal
Sawicki. The boys, predominantly AfricanAmericans, are referred to as "scholars"
and have a dress code. "We want to create an environment where we can redefine
what it means to be a black male," he says.

COURAGE: NICHOLAS PRZYBYLA - The Afghanistan war vet heard a splash as he got
ready to step off a ferry at a downtown Manhattan pier on July 25. Looking down,
he saw that a fellow passenger had fallen into the murky East River and was
struggling to keep afloat. Przybyla, 28, unhesitatingly jumped in to rescue her.
"I felt like this person came out of nowhere, like an angel," recalled Danielle
DiMonda, 33. "He saved my life."

FINEST: CHRISTOPHER NEWSOM - NYPD Sgt. Newsom chased a CD-hawking hustler into a
breezeway in Times Square and told him to put his hands up. The suspect pulled
out a MAC-10 machine gun and fired two shots. Newsom returned fire and mortally
wounded the suspect. It was Newsom's "ability to keep his composure under
duress, recall his police training, and quickly take action that stopped the
threat," said an NYPD spokesman.

LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT: ROBERT HAMMOND and JOSHUA DAVID - When Joshua David and
Robert Hammond looked at the abandoned High Line elevated rail viaduct near the
West Side Highway in 1999, they saw the structure as "a once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity," Hammond recalls. They created Friends of the High Line, a
nonprofit that saved that slice of the city's industrial history and made it
into an elevated park that's the epitome of cool.

BRAVEST: DESMOND WALSH - A 3-year-old girl was trapped in an inferno after a
menorah ignited a fire in a home in Borough Park, Brooklyn. "I could hear her
cries. They were very faint," recalled Walsh, who crawled along the perimeter of
the walls through the flames to reach the unconscious, badly burned child. He
scooped her up and crawled to the door. Little Itta Friedman is still undergoing
treatment, but is recovering.

FREEDOM: BARTON BROOKS - On a trip to Cambodia about five years ago, Manhattan
real-estate broker Brooks helped some orphans. Now, he travels the globe doing
little acts that have a big impact - from donating 100 cows to destitute widows
in Kenya to helping create floating libraries on the Mekong River in Laos. His
Global Colors nonprofit provides what he calls guerrilla aid: "You go somewhere,
do something and teach others to do the same."

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -DAY OF PRIDE: Emcee Regis Philbin (above) admires 13-year-old winner
Alison Wasserman's Young Heart medal, while Howard Stern's wife, Beth Ostrosky,
adds a little zest to firefighter Desmond Walsh's (left) and cop Christopher
Newsom's honors.  [Jonathan Baskin; NY Post: Tamara Beckwith] -AT LIBERTY:
Clockwise from rear left last night: Annie Levy, Leadership; Barton Brooks,
Freedom; Robert Hammond and Joshua David, Lifetime Achievement; Nicholas
Przybyla, Courage; Alison Wasserman, Young Heart; Christopher Newsom, Finest;
Jabali Sawicki, Educator; and Desmond Walsh, Bravest. [NY Post: Tamara Beckwith]
-DAY OF PRIDE: Emcee Regis Philbin (above) admires 13-year-old winner Alison
Wasserman's Young Heart medal, while Howard Stern's wife, Beth Ostrosky, adds a
little zest to firefighter Desmond Walsh's (left) and cop Christopher Newsom's
honors.  [Jonathan Baskin; NY Post: Tamara Beckwith]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             October 1, 2010 Friday

MAYOR & MURDOCH IN IMMIG BILL PUSH

BYLINE: S.A. MILLER Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 365 words


WASHINGTON -  The drive for comprehensive immigration reform got a boost from
Mayor Bloomberg and News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch yesterday, as they called
on Congress to quickly fix America's broken system.

"The public is tired of Congress talking about things and not doing anything,"
Bloomberg told the House Judiciary Committee panel on immigration policy.

"This is all about leadership. We need immigrants. That's the future of this
country. And whether the public understands that or not, it's Congress' job to
lead and to explain to them why . . . we're going to become a second-rate power
. . . unless we fix our public-education system and fix immigration."

Murdoch, chairman of News Corp., parent company of The Post, joined the mayor at
the hearing in proposing a complete package that would not only deal with
illegal aliens, but attract more legal immigrants, who they said are vital to
the US economy.

The two men called for increased border security, more visas for foreign
workers, a crackdown on businesses that employ illegal aliens and a path to
citizenship for the millions of illegals already here.

"Sadly, immigration has become a wedge issue that some partisan interests use to
advance a political agenda," said Murdoch, a naturalized US citizen who was born
in Australia.

He said that as an immigrant, he felt "an obligation to speak up for immigration
policies that will keep America the most economically robust, creative and
freedom-loving nation in the world."

"America's future prosperity and security depends on getting our immigration
policy right -  and doing it quickly," Murdoch said.

The idea of giving illegal aliens a chance to gain citizenship irked Rep. Lamar
Smith (R-Texas).

"Legal immigrants play by the rules, wait their turn and are invited. Others cut
in front of the line, break our laws and enter illegally," said Smith, the
ranking Republican on the committee.

Efforts to overhaul immigration policy for the first time since 1986 stalled in
Congress this year.

Bloomberg and Murdoch are both members of the Partnership for a New American
Economy, a coalition of mayors and business leaders who are promoting
immigration reform.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 24, 2010 Friday

BURNED JETS WORKER SUES

BYLINE:  Doug Auer

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 66 words


A New York Jets employee burned in a pyrotechnics display gone awry during a
2008 game is suing a fireworks company and the Fox TV network.

Brian Smith, of Madison, NJ, says a cameraman for Fox, owned by News Corp., The
Post's parent company, tripped over a wire on the field, sending burning
fireworks onto his legs, according to NJ.com.

Smith says his legs are permanently scarred.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 16, 2010 Thursday

RESCUED PUPS COMING TO LI

BYLINE: Cynthia R. Fagen

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 62 words


Dozens of abused Shih Tzus and other mistreated small dogs rescued from a
Missouri puppy mill are hitting the road for a better life at Long Island's
North Shore Animal League.

The 40 adorable dogs, which also include whippets, Pomeranian mixes and
Chihuahuas, will arrive by van at the no-kill shelter on Tuesday.

News Corp., which owns The Post, is picking up the tab.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 5, 2010 Thursday

NEWS CORP. BUOYED BY ADS, CABLE

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 232 words


News Corp. reported quarterly results that beat Wall Street expectations,
boosted by the strength of its cable networks and an advertising recovery.

Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch said that while the economy remains "fragile,"
ad sales across the board have been "inexplicably great."

The company posted fiscal fourth-quarter profit of $875 million, or 33 cents a
share, compared with a loss of $203 million, or 8 cents, a year earlier. Results
a year ago were dented by $680 million in impairment and restructuring charges.

Excluding one-time items, profit was 30 cents a share - beating the 20 cents per
share estimate of analysts.

Revenue rose 6 percent to $8.11 billion. Analysts had expected $8.05 billion.

News Corp. owns the Fox broadcast network, cable channels such as Fox News and
FX, the Twentieth Century Fox movie studio, and newspapers, including The Post
and The Wall Street Journal.

The cable unit led the way, with operating income up 31 percent. In a conference
call with analysts, News Corp. COO Chase Carey underscored the importance of the
segment.

The company's television and newspaper segments also contributed in the latest
quarter, thanks in large part to the recovering ad market.

The TV unit, which houses the Fox broadcast network and local stations, saw a 13
percent gain in operating income, while the newspaper segment saw a 20 percent
jump.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             August 2, 2010 Monday

GAME CHANGER - NEWS CORP. CONSIDERS BID FOR TEXAS RANGERS

BYLINE: JOSH KOSMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 439 words


News Corp. is weighing a bid for the bankrupt Texas Rangers, The Post has
learned.

The media giant, which owned the LA Dodgers from 1998 to 2004, hasn't decided
whether it will bid at Wednesday's bankruptcy court auction, but is said to be
leaning toward making an offer, sources close to the situation said.

Bidding for the suddenly resurgent baseball franchise will begin at $307
million, but a winning bid may be $100 million higher - or more.

It could not be learned if News Corp., whose Fox Sports Southwest unit owns
television rights to the team, would bid independently or as part of a group.

There are several other potential bidders, including a group led by Hall of
Famer and Rangers team president Nolan Ryan and a group led by Mark Cuban, the
owner of the NBA's Dallas Mavericks.

Cuban, who tried unsuccessfully to buy the Chicago Cubs, is attracted to the
Rangers team because it would allow him to create a regional sports network to
broadcast both Mavericks and Rangers games, according to one source.

He could also put the games on HDNet, the high-definition cable network he
controls, the source added. Fox Sports Southwest, one of the division's regional
cable channels, carries Rangers, Mavericks and Dallas Stars hockey games.

Although the contract doesn't expire for another four years, Fox doesn't want to
risk losing the Rangers TV rights, sources said.

Fox pays the Rangers about $35 million a year to broadcast their games,
according to a source. That figure could go much higher given the first-place
team's rising popularity and ratings, he said.

By acquiring the Rangers, which sources said could fetch around $550 million in
the court-ordered auction on Wednesday, News Corp. could save itself enough in
broadcasting fees that the team would pay for itself in little over a decade.

"It is kind of silly not to buy them," one source said. A Fox spokesman declined
comment. (News Corp. owns Fox Sports and The Post.)

Many baseball teams, including the Rangers, and locally the Mets, lose money.
But outlets owned by these teams make high profits from broadcasting the games.

The Ryan group, which also includes Pittsburgh sports lawyer Chuck Greenberg and
Texan energy magnate Ray Davis, earlier tried to buy the company in a
pre-packaged bankruptcy.

But the team's lenders believed it was a sweetheart deal and asked the judge to
hold an open auction where the highest bid could prevail. Under Major League
Baseball bylaws, owners have to approve any deal.

---

Inside baseball

News Corp. may add its name to the list of wannabe owners of the suddenly
competitive Texas Rangers baseball team.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Current bidders: Dallas Mavericks' owner Mark Cuban; Baseball great
Nolan Ryan. -Rangers shortstop Elvis Andrus shows his stuff at Yankee Stadium.
-Current bidders: Dallas Mavericks' owner Mark Cuban; Baseball great Nolan Ryan.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            June 16, 2010 Wednesday

BRITISH PAY-TV POWER - TALKS LIFT NEWS CORP.

BYLINE: CLAIRE ATKINSON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 470 words


News Corp. is in talks to acquire the 61 percent stake in Britain's largest
pay-television provider it doesn't already own - a move that, if successful,
would increase the media giant's revenue stream from subscription TV and lessen
its reliance on advertising.

News of the $12 billion proposed offer for BSkyB buoyed investors, who sent News
Corp. shares up 9.5 percent, or $1.25, to close at $14.37.

Speaking on an investor call yesterday, Chase Carey, News Corp. chief operating
officer, called the proposed deal a "logical step" for the company.

The purchase, Carey added, would reduce, "our exposure to cyclical advertising
revenues and [increase] our direct consumer subscription revenues." News Corp.
currently derives 39 percent of its revenue from advertising and is aggressive
about raising new revenue from pay walls around its content.

Barclays Capital entertainment analyst Anthony DiClemente told clients the
"consolidation of BSkyB would provide News Corp.

with a more reliable subscription EBITDA stream, which we would capitalize at a
higher multiple than we do its ad-supported businesses." A successful bid would
be the largest acquisition ever for News Corp. and would again marry one of the
world's biggest content creators to a distribution outlet, albeit one on the
other side of the Atlantic.

News Corp. had previously de-coupled from another satellite pay-TV firm DirecTV,
selling its stake to Liberty Media in 2006.

News Corp., which owns media properties around the world, like Fox News Channel,
Twentieth Century Fox, The Wall Street Journal and The Post, would fund the deal
by tapping the $8.2 billion cash on its balance sheet with only $4 billion in
debt.

The talks between the two companies follow a proposed bid by News Corp. of $10
per share, or 675 pence - a bid that was rejected by BSkyB's board. The proposed
offer was then raised to $10.37 a share, or roughly 700 pence, a 22 percent
premium to BSkyB's closing price on June 10, when the offer was made.

The bid puts to rest questions of what the media conglomerate planned to do with
the money on its balance sheet. Some had expected a share buyback or a dividend
payment.

"It would seem that investors are just as pleased that there is a cash
flow-accretive use for the cash on hand, and that a leverage equity business
model can make sense, when exercised in a prudent disciplined fashion," Miller
Tabak & Co. analyst David Jones told Dow Jones.

BSkyB's eight independent directors said they would support an offer of more
than 800 pence and the two sides have agreed to work together to reach an
agreement.

A deal may take between six to 12 months to hammer out, media analysts said.

James Murdoch, BSkyB's chairman and the son of News Corp. Chairman and Chief
Executive Rupert Murdoch, has removed himself from the bid process.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 15, 2010 Tuesday

NEWS CORP. BUYS E-READER SERVICE

BYLINE: KEITH J. KELLY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 125 words


News Corp. made two moves on the digital frontier yesterday, purchasing Skiff,
an e-reading platform from Hearst Corp., while making a minority investment in
Journalism Online, a venture headed by Steve Brill and former Wall Street
Journal executive Gordon Crovitz, which is trying to enable magazine and
newspaper publishers to collect revenue from online readers.

News Corp. also owns The Post.

"Today's development underscores News Corporation's ongoing commitment to create
strong business models that support journalism at a time of great change in our
industry," said Jon Miller, chief digital officer of News Corp.

Miller also appointed one-time Jungle Media CEO Jon Houseman as president of
News Corp.'s digital journalism initiatives.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 5, 2010 Wednesday

AVATAR BEATS STREET - BLOCKBUSTER LIFTS NEWS CORP.'S REVENUE, PROFITS

BYLINE: HOLLY SANDERS WARE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 518 words


When it comes to profit, "Avatar" keeps shattering records.

Thanks in large part to the 3-D blockbuster, News Corp. posted fiscal
third-quarter results that blew past Wall Street expectations. Revenue in the
quarter jumped 19 percent to $8.8 billion, while operating income rose 55
percent to $1.25 billion.

Net income was $839 million, or 32 cents a share, compared with $2.7 billion, or
$1.04, a year ago. The prior quarter included a $2.4 billion gain from asset
sales and a tax benefit.

On average, analysts had expected profit of 23 cents on revenue of $8.2 billion.

Chairman Rupert Murdoch said the company's focus on producing content will
continue to pay off as consumer spending rises, advertising rebounds and new
digital and mobile platforms emerge.

"Fortune favors the bold," he said in a conference call with analysts. "Our
approach to content is setting new standards for success and redefining the
industry."

Murdoch was especially bullish on Apple's new iPad, which he predicted would
lead to a "revolution" in how people consume content. He said The Wall Street
Journal's iPad app drew 64,000 users in the first month of its release.

"These new digital devices are entirely dependent on the flow of high-quality
content - the business we are in," he said.

The stellar performance of "Avatar" propelled the company's film division to its
highest profit ever. The segment's operating income rose 76 percent to $497
million. "Avatar" raked in more than $2.7 billion worldwide and $747 million at
the domestic box-office.

The movie also set a new DVD record, selling 10 million copies - 40 percent of
them in Blu-ray - in 10 days. The strong sales prompted some analysts to raise
their full-year forecasts for the company.

News Corp.'s cable networks, which account for almost half the company's
operating profit, were a big contributor as well. The cable segment's operating
income rose 38 percent to $588 million.

Fox News Channel also had its best quarter ever, reflecting higher affiliate
fees and ad revenue.

News Corp.'s newspaper and broadcast television businesses are also rebounding
along with the rest of the ad market. The company's newspapers saw operating
income more than quadruple to $131 million, and News Corp. attributed the
improved performance to higher ad revenues for the Journal and its UK
newspapers. (News Corp. also owns The Post.)

The Journal, whose ad revenue rose 25 percent in the quarter, launched a local
section called "Greater New York" and sparked an ad war with the New York Times.

The company's television business, including its local TV stations, also
reported improved third-quarter operating income of $40 million, compared with
$9 million a year ago, even though higher programming costs and lower ad revenue
dragged down results at the Fox broadcast network.

---

That's Entertainment!

News Corp. - which owns The Post - scored big hits across the board for the
fiscal third quarter, led by its movie division.

Year-over-year operating income gains:

Filmed Entertainment: +76%

Fox TV +344%

Newspaper and information +352%

Cable Network +38%

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Film hits "Avatar" and "Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel" (left)
added to News Corp.'s bottom line.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             April 27, 2010 Tuesday

GOTHAM FETES JOURNAL'S NEW GREATER NY SECTION

BYLINE: KEITH J. KELLY

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 289 words


Leaders from Wall Street, media, City Hall and the business world joined News
Corp. CEO Rupert Murdoch last night at the launch party for The Wall Street
Journal's Greater New York section at Gotham Hall.

Murdoch said the aim of the section was to give a "better choice to consumers"
and he promised it would deliver a "fresh, robust, perspective on their city,
the country and the world."

He also didn't pass up a chance to take aim at The New York Times, whose local
circulation he said had "declined by 40 percent over the past several years."

"New York is the capital of ambition, and the New York edition of the Journal
will be a formidable competitor," he said.

He was followed by Mayor Bloomberg, who tossed a few good-humored barbs at the
paper before turning serious.

"Don't mess with the man who gave us 'American Idol,' " the mayor said, adding
the Journal is his "second favorite source of business information."

He jokingly moaned during his remarks that "now there will always be a Wall
Street Journal reporter at my conferences," and lamented that it would be one
more member of the press "to ask ridiculous questions."

Afterward, he said, "I think it's a great section. More competition is what
everyone wants. They are going to have to work very hard, as all newspapers do,
to keep it up."

Earlier in the day, Bloomberg commented, "I think their newspaper - this
particular one - is a great newspaper. It was a great newspaper when Rupert
bought it and I think he's made it better."

Also on the scene were KKR Chairman Henry Kravis; John Catsimatidis, chairman
and CEO of Red Apple Group and Gristedes; FDNY Commissioner Salvatore Cassano;
top cop Ray Kelly; and New York Observer Editor-in-Chief Kyle Pope.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DEBUT PARTY: Mayor Bloomberg joined News Corp. CEO Rupert Murdoch at
the Wall Street Journal's Greater New York section launch celebration last
night. [Marion Curtis/StarPix]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             April 25, 2010 Sunday

WE HEAR . . .

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 100 words


THAT News Corp. chairman Rupert Murdoch will throw a bash tomorrow at Gotham
Hall to celebrate the launch of The Wall Street Journal's New York section with
such guests as Diane von Furstenberg, Leonard Lauder, Henry Kravis, Wilbur Ross,
Bill Rudin and Jonathan Tisch . . . THAT filmmaker Darren Aronofsky will be
honored with the inaugural Stoli Film Pioneer Award tomorrow at the Tribeca
festival . . . THAT Kelly Rowland will present an award to Yummie Tummie founder
Heather Thomson at the City of Hope Award luncheon tomorrow at the Waldorf
attended by Kathie Lee Gifford and Kristin Chenoweth.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            March 27, 2010 Saturday

WEB FEE FOR NEWS IN UK

BYLINE: KAJA WHITEHOUSE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 220 words


News Corp.'s The Times and The Sunday Times in the UK will begin charging
readers to access online versions of the newspaper, following through on a vow
to begin setting up a pay structure for people to access the company's news on
the Web.

Starting in June, readers will be asked to pay 1 pound ($1.48) for one-day
access to The Times site, and 2 pounds for one-week access. Currently, the two
papers share a single Web site, but as part of the pay-to-view plan, the two
papers are in the process of launching separate Web sites. (News Corp. owns The
Post.)

Rebekah Brooks, CEO of News International, the division of News Corp. that
oversees the papers, called the move "a defining moment for journalism" and "a
crucial step towards making the business of news an economically exciting
proposition."

Brooks said subscription models will be set up at News International's other
titles, including The Sun, Britain's largest circulation daily, and News of the
World, but she didn't say when.

News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch has been a vocal advocate of charging people
to access online news, challenging the reluctance of other newspaper companies
to seek payment for their online content.

"Far too many content companies were passive in the face of predatory behavior
and self-serving sophistry," Murdoch has said.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 18, 2010 Thursday

BEWKES GETTING GINSBERG

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 234 words


Time Warner plans to hire former News Corp. executive Gary Ginsberg to be a
senior adviser to CEO Jeffrey Bewkes, The Post has learned.

According to several sources with knowledge of the situation, Time Warner's
board was expected to sign off on Ginsberg's hiring at a board meeting
yesterday. An official announcement is expected sometime in the next week.

Ginsberg, 47, will advise Bewkes on a wide range of corporate issues, including
oversight of marketing and corporate affairs. Sources said his appointment is
just the first stage of what will ultimately be a restructuring of Time Warner's
senior-management ranks under Bewkes.

A Time Warner rep declined to comment. Ginsberg did not respond to calls or
e-mails.

Ginsberg's hiring follows the departure of longtime Time Warner corporate
communications boss Ed Adler last week. Sources were careful to note, however,
that Ginsberg's arrival wasn't why Adler resigned. They said Adler had already
spoken to Bewkes several times about leaving the company before the CEO began
discussions with Ginsberg.

"Ginsberg's role is bigger than the one Ed had," said one source involved in the
discussions. "He's not being brought in to replace Ed."

Time Warner plans to name Adler's successor in coming weeks, sources said.

At News Corp., which owns The Post, Ginsberg held the title of executive vice
president of global marketing and corporate affairs.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GARY GINSBERG Fresh blood.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 3, 2010 Wednesday

DIGITAL DIVIDEND - NEWS CORP. POSTS $254M NET ON $8.7B REVENUE

BYLINE: HOLLY SANDERS WARE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 757 words


While big media is still grappling with the ad downturn and the digital
transition, News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch is feeling emboldened as the
media giant's latest financial performance proves people are willing to pay for
content in the digital era.

"Content is not just king - it is the emperor of all things electronic," Murdoch
said during a conference call. "We are on the cusp of a digital dynasty from
which our company and our shareholders will profit greatly."

News Corp. swung to a profit in the fiscal second quarter from a loss a year
ago. Revenue rose 10 percent, reflecting growth across most of the company's
business segments, including film, cable television and newspapers.

In after-hours trading, News Corp. shares jumped more than 4 percent to close at
$15.69. During regular trading, the stock closed at $15.04, up more than 2
percent.

Murdoch said the results vindicate his long-held strategy to pursue payment for
news, information and other content at a time when many Web sites and other
properties are giving it away for free.

"Far too many content companies were passive in the face of predatory behavior
and self-serving sophistry," he said, later adding, "A year ago, our criticism
was thought to be heretical but somehow the profane has become profound, and the
content clan has gathered around our ideas."

"As I said earlier, the value of content is now clear. Instead of the
existential debate about value, now we are merely haggling over valuations."

News Corp. has been pushing for payments from companies that distribute its
content. The company chalked up a key victory recently when Time Warner Cable
agreed to pay News Corp.'s Fox broadcasting stations so-called retransmission
fees for the right to carry their programming.

"Devices and platforms are proliferating, but this clever technology is merely
an empty vessel without great content," he said.

Murdoch also has criticized Google and other news aggregators for profiting from
the company's content without sharing the profits or the cost to create it. He
threatened to remove News Corp.'s content from the search engine unless they can
reach new terms.

Murdoch reiterated yesterday that the company - which owns The Wall Street
Journal and The Post - plans to put all its online news content behind pay
walls.

Meanwhile, News Corp. reported results that exceeded Wall Street's expectations.
Net income was $254 million, or 10 cents a share, compared with a net loss of
$6.4 billion, or $2.45 a share, in the same quarter a year ago.

The company's earnings were hit in the most recent quarter by a one-time $500
million charge to settle an antitrust lawsuit brought by Valassis
Communications.

Excluding the impact of that one-time item, earnings were 25 cents a share,
topping the consensus of 20 cents. Revenue of $8.7 billion also surpassed
analysts' estimate of $8.23 billion.

The film group was the biggest driver of growth, even without the benefit of
box-office leader "Avatar," which premiered late in the quarter. Thanks to
sequels "Ice Age 3" and "Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel," operating
income nearly tripled to $324 million, up from $112 million a year ago.

News Corp. booked most of the costs from "Avatar" and only a small portion of
its profits in the quarter, so it will benefit from most of the upside in the
quarters to come.

The film from News Corp.'s 20th Century Fox studio passed the $2 billion mark in
worldwide grosses after seven straight weeks at No. 1 at the box office and
smashed the $1.843 billion record set in 1998 by "Titanic." Yesterday, the movie
garnered nine Oscar nominations.

Among News Corp.'s other segments, the cable-television segment also lifted the
company's results. Operating income jumped 35 percent to $604 million, mostly
due to collecting higher fees from cable and satellite operators for channels
like Fox News Channel.

The company also raised its guidance for the fiscal 2010, citing several factors
including "Avatar," the improving local TV market and more retransmission fees
from cable operators.

Chief Financial Officer David DeVoe said the company expected an operating
income growth rate in the low 20 percent range for the coming fiscal year.

---

Back to black

Fiscal second-quarter net profit at News Corp. - corporate home to "Avatar," the
record-breaking 3D scifi movie and TV sensation "American Idol" - swung to $254
million from a year-earlier loss of $6.4 billion.

GROWTH LEADERS OPERATING INCOME:

Cable networks $604M

Film $324M

TV $29M

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Neytiri (Zoe Saldana) of 'Avatar'.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            January 29, 2010 Friday

RANDOM HOUSE, MCGRAW-HILL MISS APPLE LAUNCH

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 548 words


TWO publishers were conspicuously absent from the launch of Apple's new tablet
yesterday - but for very different reasons.

CEO Steve Jobs' presentation included a slide touting Penguin, Hachette, Simon &
Schuster, Harper Collins (owned by News Corp., which also owns The Post) and
Macmillan.

Random House, the Bertelsmann-owned book giant, was nowhere to be seen. Nor was
McGraw-Hill, one of the country's largest educational publishers.

Sources said Random House may have wanted to avoid offending Amazon, which makes
the Kindle e-reader.

"Random House welcomes Apple's iPad and iBooks app and we look forward to our
continuing conversations with them about how we might best work together," said
Random House spokesman Stuart Applebaum.

Random House Head of Digital Sales Operations Madeline McIntosh was at the debut
and met with Apple folks afterwards.

McGraw-Hill was scratched from the Apple launch at the last minute because CEO
Harold "Terry" McGraw III blabbed about the project on CNBC a day before,
reports e-newsletter VentureBeat.

"We were never part of the launch event and never in a position to confirm
details about the device ahead of time," contended McGraw-Hill spokesman Steve
Weiss.

McGraw's comments about the iPod were intended to suggest that "if the new
device were to use iPhone applications, many of our education products would be
compatible with the technology and could be made easily available on it," he
said.

Others are not so sure. "Apple demanded confidentiality and non-disclosure from
all publishers it was talking to," said one source.

Apple polish

The new Apple gadget was probably a hot topic of conversation at yesterday's
board meeting for Next Issue Media--a joint venture that includes Time Inc.,
Hearst, News Corp., Condé Nast and Meredith. But the committee is being
tight-lipped.

"It looks like a beautiful device that will render magazines, newspapers and
illustrated books faithfully," said John Squires, acting managing director of
Next Issue, whose mission is to get magazine content on e-readers. "We'll see."

BW beefs up

Another Time Inc. alum is joining Bloomberg BusinessWeek, by a circuitous route.

Sources say Eric Pooley is about to be named deputy editor, second in command to
new Editor-in-Chief Josh Tyrangiel.

Pooley was a senior editor at Time, then had a stretch in London as the editor
of Time International. He returned stateside to be managing editor of Fortune
but was out in just over a year, becoming an editor-at-large at Time, then a
columnist at Bloomberg L.P.

Hugo Lindgren, editorial director of New York magazine, will become BW's
executive editor.

The top of the masthead is getting crowded. Lindgren will have the same title as
Ellen Pollock, who came over from the Wall Street Journal in 2007. Ciro Scotti,
the carryover managing editor, is also staying on board.

Richard Turley will supervise the redesign, working with former Time magazine
art director Arthur Hochstein.

Going postal

Hearst Corp. is outsourcing its mailroom and messenger services to Swiss Post, a
move that insiders say could affect up to 22 people.

Sources say the company is offering to let employees stay, or take buyouts of
$10,000 in addition to two weeks' pay for every year. They can then be hired by
the new firm.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            January 2, 2010 Saturday

FIGHT FOR FOX IS D'OH-VER - TIME WARNER DEAL SAVES HOMER

BYLINE: JEREMY OLSHAN and DAREH GREGORIAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 356 words


Happy New Year, Fox fans!

Execs from News Corp. and Time Warner Cable worked out a 13th-hour deal to keep
Fox channels on the cable powerhouse - ensuring that football and "Simpsons"
fans can continue to get their fix.

The agreement in principle was announced 19 hours after a deadline that
threatened to leave millions of Time Warner customers without several Fox
channels.

"We're pleased that, after months of negotiations, we were able to reach a fair
agreement with Time Warner Cable, one that rec ognizes the value of our
programming," said Chase Carey, president of News Corp.

Glenn Britt, chairman, president and CEO of Time Warner Cable, said, "We're
happy to have reached a reasonable deal with no disruption in programming for
our customers."

Although Homer Simpson and Jack Bauer were due to be booted from Time Warner
cable boxes when carriage agreements with Fox expired at midnight yesterday, the
two sides worked through the holiday to spare customers from missing out on bowl
games and upcoming season premieres.

The terms of the deal were not disclosed, but the sides described it in a press
release as "a comprehensive distribution agreement to provide more than 13
million households with programming from Fox Television Stations, Fox
Broadcasting, Fox Cable Networks and Fox's regional sports network."

News Corp., which owns Fox, had wanted Time Warner to pay Fox $1 per subscriber
to Fox, the amount it now pays second-tier network TNT.

Fox said its proposal was fair because the network is facing stiff competition
from cable channels, such as ESPN, which earn subscriber fees on top of
advertising dollars.

Time Warner argued that having to pay more could result in their having to hike
fees.

"Thank God," said Ricky Lee, 31, of Manhattan. "There's no way I'd miss playoff
football."

Kim Stokes, a subscriber from Nebraska, added: "If I couldn't have been able to
see 'House' again, I would have been upset. I'm very glad they decided to keep
it. I can't believe this was even a decision to be made."

Fox's parent, News Corp., also owns The Post.

With Christina Carrega, CJ Sullivan and Post Wires

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DOUGH NUTS: Time Warner and Fox, home of Homer Simpson, reached a deal
in their revenue dispute.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           December 31, 2009 Thursday

GETTING DARKER ; BATTLE LINES DEEPEN IN FOX, TIME WARNER CABLE FEUD

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 473 words


What began as an impasse yesterday became a full-fledged war between Time Warner
Cable and News Corp.'s Fox, as both sides sought to position the other as
responsible for the increasingly likely blackout of the broadcast network at
midnight.

With just hours remaining before Fox could go dark on Time Warner cable systems,
both camps dispensed with the pleasantries that came to define the negotiations
of what many see as a precedent-setting retransmission agreement.

Time Warner Cable CEO Glenn Britt fired the first shot yesterday in a letter to
Sen. John Kerry (D-Mass.), offering to keep Fox on the air if the network agreed
to submit to binding arbitration or another interim agreement. Britt was
responding to a letter Kerry sent both companies last week in which the lawmaker
suggested arbitration as a way to bridge the gap between the $1 per subscriber
that Fox is asking for and what Time Warner is willing to pay for the network.
(In addition to Fox, News Corp. also owns The Post.)

"We are willing to commence an arbitration proceeding immediately before the
[Federal Communications Commission]," Britt wrote, adding that, "consumers
should not be caught in the middle as broadcasters and video distributors work
through these contentious issues."

Sources said Britt's letter was a shrewd negotiating tactic, as it put Fox in
the position of having to choose between two unsavory options: Agree to binding
arbitration, in which case Fox certainly wouldn't get the $1 per subscriber it's
asking for, or blacking out the network, which not only would cost it money in
the form of make-goods to advertisers, but may also put the network on the
receiving end of viewer anger.

News Corp. Chief Operating Officer Chase Carey, in his own letter to Kerry,
moved to neutralize such a public perception from forming while also dismissing
the notion that arbitration was an acceptable alternative to a privately
negotiated deal.

"When Congress enacted the 1992 Cable Act, it established a clear mechanism for
programmers and distributors to reach market-based agreements on the basis of
direct negotiations," Carey wrote. "We respectfully believe these discussions do
not belong in the hands of a third party."

In a memo yesterday to Fox employees, Carey made clear that the company is
prepared to wage this fight in order to get "fairly compensated" for its
programming. "At this time, it looks like we will not reach an agreement and our
channels may very well go off the air in Time Warner Cable systems," Carey
wrote.

In both his letter to Kerry and to employees, Carey noted that Fox's $1 per
subscriber request is equal to what Time Warner Cable pays for cable network
TNT, which has lower ratings. If the network goes dark, Time Warner's 13 million
subscribers will miss out on New Year's Day college football and NFL games.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NAIL-BITER: The possibility of the Fox Network going dark on Time
Warner Cable systems at midnight increased after both sides dug in their heels
in their retransmission dispute. At risk are NFL and NCAA football games, as
well as popular TV shows like "American Idol" (inset left). Time Warner Cable
boss Glenn Britt. (Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 18, 2009 Friday

SONY, NEWS CORP. SET E-READER DEAL

BYLINE: HOLLY SANDERS WARE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 242 words


Ramping up the battle with Amazon's Kindle, Sony struck a deal with News Corp.
and some of its publications to offer custom content and subscriptions for its
line of electronic readers.

Sony said it will offer two subscriptions to The Wall Street Journal, part of
News Corp.'s Dow Jones division. One is a basic morning edition for $15 a month
that looks similar to Amazon's offering and sells for the same amount.

The other option, "Wall Street Journal Plus," which includes a second edition of
the paper that will be delivered after the close of the stock markets, is
exclusive to Sony's e-reader devices and costs $20 a month.

A digital edition of The Post, also part of News Corp., will be an exclusive
Sony offering at $10 a month. In addition, Sony will sell a customized package
of stories and analysis from Dow Jones' MarketWatch news service for $11 a
month.

While Amazon has taken the early lead in the burgeoning market for e-readers, an
increasingly crowded field of competitors - including Sony, Barnes & Noble and
Apple - have either introduced their own offerings or are rumored to be working
on them. At the same time, publishers, such as News Corp., have balked at
Amazon's financial terms and are pushing to get a greater cut of revenue.

Neither company would provide exact figures, but Robert Thomson, editor-in-chief
of Dow Jones and managing editor of the Journal, said Sony's split is more
favorable to publishers than Amazon's.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           December 15, 2009 Tuesday

SIGN OF THE TIMES - BROADSHEET EDITORS TRADE BARBS OVER MEDIA COLUMN

BYLINE: KEITH J. KELLY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 51

LENGTH: 596 words


What had been a gentlemen's rivalry between The Wall Street Journal and the New
York Times morphed into full-fledged skirmish yesterday after a column
criticizing the Journal's news coverage triggered a war of words between the
papers' top editors.

In a column yesterday, Times media columnist David Carr accused the Journal of
having tilted further to the right since the Journal's parent Dow Jones was
acquired by News Corp. two years ago (News Corp. also owns The Post).

"The pro-business, anti-government shift in the news pages has broken into plain
view in the past year," wrote Carr, who said the shift accelerated after Thomson
installed Gerard Baker, a neoconservative Times of London columnist, as his top
deputy at the Journal.

"The news column by a Mr. David Carr today is yet more evidence that the New
York Times is uncomfortable about the rise of an increasingly successful rival
while its own circulation and credibility are in retreat," Thomson said in a
statement. "The usual practice of quoting ex-employees was supplemented by a
succession of anonymous quotes and unsubstantiated assertions."

Thomson went on to say that Keller even took his battle against the Journal to a
prize committee last year that was considering the paper for a number of awards.

"The attack follows the extraordinary actions of Mr. Bill Keller, the executive
editor, who, among other things, last year wrote personally and at length to a
prize committee casting aspersions on Journal journalists and journalism,"
Thomson said.

Sources said he was referring to the 60th annual George Polk Awards. Last year,
the Times won three Polks while the Journal won none.

"Whether it be in the quest for prizes or in the disparagement of competitors,
principle is but a bystander at the New York Times," Thomson said.

Keller then fired back: "While David's column clearly got under Mr. Thomson's
skin, I don't see anything in the response that casts doubt upon it. The column
was scrupulously fair and, if anything, understated, and I have no inclination
to help Mr. Thomson change the subject."

He did not address the claim that he had personally lobbied against the Journal
winning any journalism awards.

The exchange of barbs comes as the Journal prepares to launch a New York City
edition that will target 250,000 people in the metro area, competing directly in
the Times' backyard. The Journal's Big Apple edition is expected to start next
spring.

It also comes as the Journal became the only large daily newspaper to post a
circulation gain in the six months ended in September and become the largest US
paper by circulation.

During that period, the Journal eked out a 0.6 percent increase in paid
circulation to just over 2 million, putting it ahead of longtime leader USA
Today, whose circulation fell 17.5 percent to 1.9 million, according to the
Audit Bureau of Circulations.

The Times, meanwhile, remained the third-largest paper in the nation, but saw
its paid circulation drop below 1 million to 927,851, a 7.3 percent drop.

----

Tale of the tape

THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

Name: ROBERT THOMSON

Age: 48

Hometown: Melbourne, Australia

Title: Managing editor

Fighting words: 'Whether it be in the quest for prizes or in the disparagement
of competitors, principle is but a bystander at The New York Times.'

THE NEW YORK TIMES

Name: BILL KELLER

Age: 60

Hometown: San Mateo, Calif.

Title: Executive editor

Fighting words: '[David Carr's] column was scrupulously fair and, if anything,
understated, and I have no inclination to help Mr. Thomson change the subject.'

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Robert Thomson. -Bill Keller. -Robert Thomson.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 14, 2009 Monday

3-D OR NOT 3-D? - CAMERON'S 'AVATAR' IS LATEST HOLLYWOOD HOPE

BYLINE: HOLLY SANDERS WARE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 521 words


Hollywood is banking on 3-D to boost box office, and the sci-fi epic "Avatar" is
about to test whether audiences will go along with the program.

James Cameron's live-action picture, which hits theaters Friday, is the first
big-budget, wide release 3-D film aimed at adults. It cost an estimated $500
million to make and market.

Although 20th Century Fox has the most money riding on the picture, the other
studios are watching it as well to see what it bodes for the future of 3-D. (
News Corp. owns 20th Century Fox and The Post.)

Some moviegoers dismiss 3-D as a fad that has come and gone before, but the
major studios, including Disney and DreamWorks SKG, believe it's here to stay.
They're pushing theater owners to convert their screens to 3-D, hoping to score
higher ticket prices.

But it's still unclear how many films the audience will stomach - and what kind.

"People are feeling fairly confident that there is going to be a continuing
market for 3-D films," said Patrick Corcoran of the National Association of
Theatre Owners. "How many films and how many screens, we don't know yet."

"Avatar" is expected to provide some clues.

Most 3-D entrants have been animated films and horror flicks aimed at younger
audiences. And so far, because there's such a limited number of 3-D venues,
movies have been chasing each other off the screen before they have a full run.

"Avatar" is slated to open in about 2,100 3-D locations in the US and another
1,200 conventional theaters. That is almost double the number of theaters that
were equipped for 3-D at the start of the year, when the Lionsgate horror flick
"My Bloody Valentine" came out.

So far, the figures show that moviegoers are willing to pay more for the 3-D
experience, but they may not continue to feel good about the premium - around $3
per ticket - when the novelty wears off.

The summer box office would have been flat this year without the lift from 3-D,
according to research firm Screen Digest. While attendance was down 2.39 percent
compared to last year, higher 3-D ticket prices pushed revenue to a record $4.25
billion, a gain of 1.3 percent, or $54 million.

From May to August, six films released in 3-D, including Fox's "Ice Age" and
Disney's "G-Force," took in about $346 million.

3-D screens generated the majority - 55 percent - of the revenue from those
movies. Moreover, Screen Digest estimates that $98.2 million, or more than 28
percent, came from the "3-D premium" alone.

The early word of mouth for "Avatar" has been mixed, although market research
shows that there is interest in the film. Regardless of how the movie performs,
analysts say it should not be viewed as a referendum on 3-D alone.

"People are saying if a 3-D movie doesn't do well, that it's the end of 3-D,"
said Paul Dergarabedian, president of Hollywood.com Box Office. "That's like
saying if a movie doesn't do well, that's the end of actors. You can't lay it at
the doorstep of 3-D."

---

Xmas factor

Friday's box-office opening of "Avatar" is putting 3-D technology - which has
never been part of a nationwide release aimed at adults - to a $500 million
test.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Director James Cameron. -Actors Sam Worthington and Zoe Saldana
(Neytiri) in a scene from the movie. [Reuters, EPA] -Director James Cameron.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           December 2, 2009 Wednesday

NIELSEN TO GET $70M FOR FOUR MEDIA TITLES

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 635 words


AN agreement to buy The Hollywood Reporter, Adweek, Billboard and Editor &
Publisher from Nielsen is expected to be announced this week, sources close to
the situation tell Media Ink.

"Nobody would do a transaction just to fix up what is there. The question is
what kind of a platform could it be for broader acquisitions," said one source
close to the situation.

The deal is for around $70 million, according to Advertising Age, which was
first to report it, and involves a coalition of media investors headed by Jimmy
Finkelstein, CEO of News Communications. Matthew Doull, who runs Pluribus
Capital Partners; George Green, former president of Hearst Magazines
International; and Lachlan Murdoch are said to be in the group. Murdoch, a
former publisher of The New York Post and son of News Corp. Chairman Rupert
Murdoch, is working through his private investment firm, Illyria Partners. (News
Corp. owns The Post.)

The first hint of the deal was made public by TheWrap.com, which reported on
Finkelstein's involvement, but not the rest of the coalition.

The seller's side is being represented by John Wickersham, a former CEO of trade
magazine groups now at investment bank Quayle Munro, according to the Financial
Times.

The group makes money -  believed to be around $10 million to $14 million -  but
that's down markedly from only a few years ago. The publications have been hard
hit by the advertising recession and competition online.

There are quite a few interconnections within the consortium. Doull, the
step-nephew of disgraced former Hollinger boss Conrad Black, is married to
Vanity Fair writer Vicky Ward. She is a former Talk magazine colleague of
Finkelstein's wife, Pamela Gross, now editorial director of Avenue magazine.
Through their spouses, the husbands struck up a cordial relationship.

Nielsen Business Media representatives declined to comment.

The group is part of a company formerly known as VNU, a Netherlands-based
company that was taken over by a group of financial players in 1999.

REED DEAL

Reed Business Information, which has put Variety and dozens of other trade
magazines covering everything from construction to electronics on the block, has
finally managed to sell off three of them.

NewBay Media said it was buying Broadcasting & Cable, MultiChannel News and
TWICE -  which at one time stood for This Week in Consumer Electronics, but long
ago went to every-other-week frequency.

NewBay is headed by CEO   Steve Palm, who said in a    statement that the
acquisi   tion "adds significant    depth and breadth to [the    company's]
existing port   folio of broadcast prop   erties, including TV    Technology and
Televi  sion Broadcast and consumer electronic properties, including Residential
Systems."

Investment bank Jordan Edmiston Group, which is handling the divestment for Reed
Business Information, is obviously busting up the diverse portfolio of trade
titles.

"There will be more than one transaction," said a spokesman.

He said he had no further information on who would buy Variety, which is the
archrival to The Hollywood Reporter.

NEW GIG

Rob Shuter, former executive editor of OK!, is hooking up with the AOL pop
culture site Popeater as a new Hollywood columnist.

His column, Naughty and Nice, is slated to appear Tuesday through Friday.

"I'll be covering all mainstream entertainment news in a fun, cheeky but nice
manner," Shuter said.

Popeater has been attracting an audience of 11 million unique visitors per
month, according to comScore.

DONE DEAL

The McGraw-Hill Cos. completed its sale of BusinessWeek to Mayor Mike
Bloomberg's information company, Bloomberg L.P., for $9.3 million in cash
yesterday. McGraw Hill said it was going to realize a gain of $5.9 million after
taxes.

The name will be changed to Bloomberg BusinessWeek.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 12, 2009 Thursday

POOR RECEPTION - AFFILIATES COOL TO NETWORKS' PLAN TO CHARGE FEES

BYLINE: HOLLY SANDERS WARE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 59

LENGTH: 557 words


The big networks are putting the squeeze on local TV stations, trying to wring
out some of the fees affiliates get from cable and satellite companies.

In better times, when local stations boasted big profit margins, the networks
competed to sign them up as affiliates and paid them to air their programming.

Now, with networks facing growing financial pressure and competition from cable,
network chiefs say it's time for a role reversal. ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox each are
angling to get a cut of the compensation - known as retransmission consent -
that cable and satellite companies pay the affiliates to carry their signals.
(Fox is part of News Corp., which also owns The Post.)

"As each new affiliation agreement comes up, there will be a sharing of the
retrans fees," CBS Chief Les Moonves said last week.

The broadcasters' push comes at an inopportune time for many local TV station
owners, who've been hobbled both by flagging ratings and slumping retail and
auto advertising. Some affiliates are signaling that they may dig in their
heels.

Robert Prather, president and chief operating officer of Gray Television, which
owns three dozen local stations, said the affiliates fought hard several years
ago to get retransmission fees and shouldn't just hand them over.

"It's based on our work and no one else's," Prather said in his quarterly call
with analysts on Monday. "I think we ought to work hard to keep 100 percent of
it."

Nexstar Broadcasting CEO Perry Sook echoed those sentiments yesterday in his
call: "With all due respect to my friends at the networks, I contend that the
network programming is not the main reason that we are receiving compensation.
It's our local programming."

Last week, Belo Corp., which owns 20 local stations, told analysts that ABC is
asking for a bigger cut of the company's retransmission revenue in exchange for
Belo's four ABC affiliates continuing to carry the network's programming. Belo
Chief Dunia Shive wouldn't say how much ABC wanted.

One source on the network side said broadcasters are eyeing a 50-50 split with
their affiliates, but admitted that may be too much of a hardship for some
station groups.

"Every network has to take into account how the station group is doing," the
source said. "It can't be 'one price fits all.' "

Retransmission revenue isn't a huge piece of the broadcast pie, but it's a
lucrative and growing one. SNL Kagan estimates total retransmission dollars at
$739 million this year, but expects that to grow to $1.3 billion by 2012.

To be sure, not all station heads are against the idea of sharing. Barrington
Broadcasting CEO Jim Yager said in a call with analysts yesterday he would be
willing to give networks a cut if they increase the pool of dollars by
negotiating with cable and satellite operators.

---

Shakedown

Broadcast networks are triggering a feud among local TV affiliates by asking
them to pony up for programming - a 180-degree turn from several years ago when
the networks paid the stations for content.

Networks come out gunning ...

'As each new affiliation agreement comes up, there will be a sharing of the
[retransmission] fees.' - CBS boss Les Moonves

But stations aren't buckling

'It's based on our work and no one else's. I think we ought to work hard to keep
100 percent of it.'  - Robert Prather, president and COO, Gray TV

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Man smoking a cigar. [AP] -Les Moonves. -Man smoking a cigar. [AP]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 5, 2009 Thursday

NEWS CORP. LIFTED BY CABLE, FILM NETS

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 177 words


News Corp., the global media empire controlled by Chairman Rupert Murdoch,
reported an 11 percent increase in fiscal first-quarter profits.

Strong results in its film and cable network businesses offset weakness in
television, newspapers and book publishing. (News Corp. owns The Post.)

The cable networks, which include Fox News and FX, posted revenue of $1.61
billion and operating income of $495 million, a 10.5 percent and 41 percent rise
over the $1.45 billion and $350 million recorded last year, respectively.

Fox News continued its domination of the cable network news competition, posting
its highest-ever quarterly profit.

The strong box office performance of "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs" led to a
21 percent jump in movie revenue to $1.52 billion from $1.26 billion and a 56
percent increase in profit to $391 million from $251 million.

Overall, News Corp. posted income of $571 million, or 22 cents a share, versus
$515 million, or 20 cents a share, for a year prior. Revenue fell 4.1 percent to
$7.2 billion from $7.51 billion a year ago.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 29, 2009 Thursday

POST HAILS NY'S UNSUNG HEROES - GALA HONORS 10 WHO MADE DIFFERENCE

BYLINE: RITA DELFINER

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 1209 words


Regis Philbin and a host of city luminaries toasted 10 of the everyday shining
stars who brighten the lives of New Yorkers, as the eighth annual New York Post
Liberty Medals were awarded yesterday.

Philbin, who has emceed the awards for seven consecutive years, starred again at
last night's ceremony, held at the Midtown headquarters of News Corp., which
owns The Post.

"The stories we're gonna hear tonight are fantastic," he said. "Regular people
doing really extraordinary things, and we take this special opportunity to honor
them simply because they inspire the rest of us."

Winner Israel Soto, a principal who turned once-failing PS/MS 57 in East Harlem
into a success story, said he wants to share his Educator medal "with all the
dreamers and doers with a heart for giving . . . and with all the extraordinary
children in our city whose deep desire to succeed and courage to overcome
obstacles along their journey make them the true heroes and heroines."

Long Island teacher Jennifer Mazzotta-Perretti, who won the Courage medal for
donating one of her kidneys to a student, said, "I think when you do things for
the right reasons and don't expect anything in return, really great things can
come from it."

The Post inaugurated the Liberty Medals program in the aftermath of 9/11 to hail
the unsung heroes who flocked to help others.

A panel of prominent New Yorkers selected the winners from the finalists in each
of eight categories. There were ties in two categories. Two Finest and two
Bravest medals were awarded.

The Finest medals were presented by Police Commissioner Ray Kelly, and the
Bravest medals by Sal Cassano, chief of department for the FDNY.

Officer Susan Porcello, who took an ailing 84-year-old former Marine under her
wing, dedicated her Finest medal to "all branches of the US military, past,
present and future. If it wasn't for them, we wouldn't be the greatest country
in the world. I'm not the hero. They are."

Deputy Inspector Kim Royster - the other winner of a Finest medal - was honored
for orchestrating the NYPD's gun-buyback amnesty program from July 2008 to April
of this year. "It's an unorthodox way to fight crime," she said. "But law
enforcement partnering with the community made this program successful and got
over 4,000 guns off the street."

Firefighter Michael Czech, who was awarded a Bravest medal for rescuing a Queens
mother and her two sons, said he "couldn't have done it without the support of
all the other guys from Engine 285 and Ladder 142. . . . This is the best fire
department in the world."

Paramedic Moses Nelson also won a Bravest medal, for helping a 7-year-old boy
who had fallen into an elevator shaft.

"I love my job," he said. "The best rush in the world is finding what's wrong
and helping some one."

The Rev. Melony Samuels, who launched the food pantry BedStuy Campaign Against
Hunger, hopes her Leadership medal inspires others to "partner with us in the
fight against hunger."

Wellington Chen, the Taiwan-born executive director of the Chinatown
Partnership, which is working to revitalize the area, accepted the Freedom medal
on behalf of "the waves and waves of immigrants who help make this country
great."

Young Heart medal winner Rachel Guzy, 16, the Queens camp counselor who took
control after a school-bus driver had a fatal heart attack, said she's no hero:
"I just did what I thought needed to be done."

Monsignor William O'Brien, who won the Lifetime Achievement medal for
co-founding Daytop Village to help drug abusers turn their lives around, said it
was encouraging to receive such support "in the task of rescuing young lives."

Additional reporting by Laurie Kamens

---

NY'S LIBERTY MEDAL WINNERS 2009

COURAGE: JENNIFER MAZZOTTA-PERRETTI - In 2007, she told her summer school
students to write about something they could do for someone else - and last
month the 33-year-old single mom donated one of her kidneys to a 19-year-old
teen who had been in the class. "I'm a parent . . . and I'm a teacher and I
believe you don't just teach kids textbook lessons," she says. "You have to be
an example outside the classroom."

FREEDOM: WELLINGTON CHEN - The longtime community advocate is executive director
of the nonprofit Chinatown Partnership which seeks to revitalize the
neighborhood "severely impacted" by 9/11. Among the organization's
accomplishments, says Chen, who was born in Taiwan, was helping to clear the
streets of 15 million pounds of garbage and power-washing over 8,000
storefronts.

YOUNG HEART: RACHEL GUZY - The 16-year-old Queens camp counselor didn't even
have a learner's permit, but she jumped behind the wheel to save nine kids in
August after the driver of their school bus slumped over with a fatal heart
attack. Rachel, who slammed down on the brake, says, "To me, they were my kids.
They were my responsibility."

LEADERSHIP: REV. MELONY SAMUELS - She helped an ailing woman who was struggling
to feed her four kids and then met "other people in need." In 1998, Samuels gave
up her well-paying job selling life insurance, became a pastor, and launched a
Brooklyn food pantry called BedStuy Campaign Against Hunger that feeds over
10,000 people a month.

LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT: MONSIGNOR WILLIAM O'BRIEN - As a young priest, he was
affected by the plight of a troubled teen and found his calling - to help kids
caught in the throes of substance abuse. In 1963, the Rev. - now Monsignor -
O'Brien co-founded what became Daytop Village, a nationwide program emphasizing
group therapy and taking responsibility. It has helped over 100,000 drug abusers
turn their lives around.

EDUCATOR: ISRAEL SOTO - When he became principal of East Harlem's PS/MS 57 a
decade ago, it was a failing school - and Soto transformed it into one that
rates an A, with 91 percent scoring at or above acceptable levels in math, and
75 percent in reading. "When you help kids believe in themselves and provide
them with a structured program that meets their needs, they're going to grow,"
he says.

BRAVEST (tie): MICHAEL CZECH - Flames in an apartment below made a Queens
bedroom feel like a brutally hot "barbecue" pit when firefighter Czech crawled
through a shattered window of the Ozone Park home and rescued three unconscious
people - a mother and her two young sons. He carried each near a window where
another firefighter lowered them to paramedics.

MOSES NELSON -When a 7-year-old Bronx boy fell into an elevator shaft and hung
by his foot - which was caught between the elevator and the shaft - FDNY
paramedic Nelson held the child up from the floor below to keep him from
plunging until he could be freed.

FINEST (tie): KIM ROYSTER -An NYPD deputy inspector, she's a cabaret crooner by
night, but by day she's a top crimefighter who won kudos for directing the
department's gun buy-back amnesty program, which took 4,538 weapons off the
streets from July '08 to April '09.

SUSAN PORCELLO - An ailing, 84-year-old Brooklyn vet told officer Porcello, "I'm
all alone. I have nobody." And she replied, "I'll be your friend." She watched
over the former Marine during the final months of his life, becoming his health
proxy and carrying out his dearest wish - that he be buried near his mother. She
paid for his funeral out of her own pocket.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -LOOK AT THAT! Emcee Regis Philbin admires the Young Heart Liberty
medal of winner Rachel Guzy. [Christian Johnston]      -POLICE PRIDE:
Commissioner Ray Kelly congratulates Kim Royster, who ran the gun buy-back
program.  [Tiffany Hagler-Geard] -IMPRESSIVE: Michael Czech shows off his
Bravest medal to Fox TV newswoman Julie Chang last night.    [Caitlin Thorne
Hersey] -WE THANK YOU! The 2009 Liberty Medal winners are united last night in
Midtown. From left, front row: Moses Nelson (Bravest), Rachel Guzy (Young
Heart), Monsignor William O'Brien (Lifetime), the Rev. Melony Samuels
(Leadership), Officer Susan Porcello (Finest), and (from left, back row) Michael
Czech (Bravest), Israel Soto (Educator), Wellington Chen (Freedom), Jennifer
Mazzotta-Perretti (Courage) and Kim Royster (Finest).  [Caitlin Thorne Hersey]
-LOOK AT THAT! Emcee Regis Philbin admires the Young Heart Liberty medal of
winner Rachel Guzy. [Christian Johnston]      -POLICE PRIDE: Commissioner Ray
Kelly congratulates Kim Royster, who ran the gun buy-back program.  [Tiffany
Hagler-Geard] -IMPRESSIVE: Michael Czech shows off his Bravest medal to Fox TV
newswoman Julie Chang last night.    [Caitlin Thorne Hersey]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 20, 2009 Tuesday

COMCAST BRINGS CHERNIN IN ON NBCU BID

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 314 words


Comcast has enlisted former News Corp. Chief Operating Officer Peter Chernin to
consult on its bid for NBC Universal, The Post has learned.

Chernin is the second News Corp. executive that Comcast has brought in as a paid
adviser on the potential deal. Peter Liguori, the former president of
entertainment for Fox, has also been advising the cable giant, according to a
source close to Comcast. (News Corp. owns Fox and The Post.)

Despite their consulting gigs, neither Chernin nor Liguori is expected to take
on a management role if a deal between Comcast and NBCU is reached. Indeed, the
source said Comcast is leaning toward keeping NBCU boss Jeff Zucker at the helm
of the new entity, at least initially.

The management structure currently being contemplated would have Zucker
reporting to Comcast's second-in-command, Stephen Burke, who is expected to be
tapped to oversee the new venture, the source said.

NBCU parent General Electric is currently negotiating to buy Vivendi's 20
percent stake in NBCU. If the two sides can agree on price, NBCU would be spun
into a separate company that would be combined with Comcast's cable channels.

The cable company would contribute around $6 billion to the new entity in return
for a 51 percent stake. GE would initially own 49 percent of the new company,
but could pare that position down 3 1/2 years and five years from when the deal
is completed. The new company would carry around $9 billion of debt and be
valued at $30 billion.

A deal could be announced as soon as next month, according to the source.

Chernin spent two decades at News Corp., working his way up to COO overseeing
the company's entertainment operations out of Los Angeles until his departure in
February.

Chernin still has a relationship with News Corp. through his production company,
Chernin Entertainment, which has a first-look deal with 20th Century Fox.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 17, 2009 Saturday

AN NBC LOOK-SEE - LIBERTY MEDIA AND NEWS CORP. EYE NETWORK

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 497 words


Liberty Media and News Corp. are checking out NBC Universal.

At their respective shareholder meetings yesterday, Liberty Chairman John Malone
and News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch for the first time publicly expressed
interest in acquiring the Peacock network.

Malone indicated he might have a look at NBCU, but he also reportedly said the
current $30 billion valuation was too high.

Murdoch said his company would look at "opportunities" to strike a deal. (News
Corp. owns The Post.)

Both noted that they have not had any talks with General Electric, NBCU's parent
company, and that the conglomerate is currently negotiating exclusively with
cable giant Comcast.

GE boss Jeffrey Immelt provided few new details about the negotiations with
Comcast on yesterday's earnings call, saying only that GE "wanted to be ready
for several scenarios" for NBCU, including an initial public offering or
strategic partnership in the event Vivendi exercises its option to sell the
stake next month.

In hopes of easing investor worry about GE's liquidity, Immelt also said that a
need for cash was not why GE was pursuing the deal.

Under the terms of the deal being discussed, GE would acquire Vivendi's 20
percent stake in NBCU and then spin off the unit into a separate company to be
merged with Comcast's cable network assets. Comcast would contribute around $6
billion in cash and control 51 percent of the new entity. GE would own the
remaining 49 percent.

The combined company would be valued at roughly $30 billion and carry an initial
debt load of about $9 billion.

NBC Universal yesterday reported a 20 percent drop in third-quarter revenue to
$4.08 billion, but still managed to report a 13 percent jump in operating profit
to $732 million, thanks to a $283 million, one-time gain from the sale of part
of its stake in cable network A&E. Without the sale, NBCU's operating profit
would have declined 9 percent.

However, the media giant also reported writedowns on its partnership with Indian
television company NDTV and the Weather Channel, which NBCU bought with two
private-equity partners for $3.5 billion last year.

Overall, GE's revenue declined 20 percent in the third quarter to $37.8 billion,
while profit plummeted 44 percent to $2.5 billion, or 22 cents a share.

GE's closely watched finance unit continued to be a drag on the conglomerate's
earnings. Revenue at that division dropped 30 percent to $12.2 billion, while
operating profit tumbled 87 percent to a measly $263 million. By comparison, the
unit earned $2 billion a year earlier.

GE shares closed trading yesterday down 4 percent, or 71 cents, to $16.08.

With Post Wires

----

Feeling the heat (m, s)

GE Chairman Jeff Immelt (right) said NBC is performing "below expectations."

PROFIT +13%

REVENUE -20%

Feeling the heat (lcf)

On the same day that both Rupert Murdoch and John Malone expressed interest in
acquiring NBC Universal the company reported a sharp drop in revenue.

$4.08 Billion REVENUE -20%

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -GE Chairman Jeff Immelt said NBC is performing "below expectations."
[Bloomberg News] (lcf) -Jeff Immelt; Image from "Saturday Night Live." (m, s)
-GE Chairman Jeff Immelt said NBC is performing "below expectations." [Bloomberg
News] (lcf)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 30, 2009 Wednesday

2 STARS 'RAIN' ON BROADWAY

BYLINE: Amber Sutherland

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 106 words


It was all sunny smiles on last night's red carpet for the record-breaking
opening of "A Steady Rain" - thanks to the megawatt star power of two of
Hollywood's hottest leading men.

Stars Daniel Craig (left) and Hugh Jackman (right) reportedly attracted the
highest weekly gross for a nonmusical production on Broadway - but last night's
guests generated their own glitter.

They included Jerry Seinfeld and his wife, Jessica; Matthew Broderick; Jeff
Goldblum; Woody Harrelson; Naomi Watts and Liev Schreiber; News Corp. Chairman
Rupert Murdoch; and Jackman's wife, Deborra-Lee Furness.     Review / Pulse, P.
42

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Stars Daniel Craig (left) and Hugh Jackman (right)  in "A Steady Rain."
(Dave Allocca/StarPix)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 16, 2009 Wednesday

JOURNAL CHARGES GO MOBILE

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 259 words


Rupert Murdoch yesterday divulged the first concrete details of his plan to
charge online and mobile readers for News Corp. content, saying there will soon
be a fee to get The Wall Street Journal content on devices like the BlackBerry
and the iPhone.

Mobile readers of The Journal who don't subscribe to the paper will be charged
$2 per week, while Journal subscribers will pay $1 per week. Subscribers to both
the print and online editions of The Journal get the content for free.

Speaking at Goldman Sachs' Communicopia conference in New York, News Corp.'s
chairman and CEO said the charges would begin rolling out "in one to two
months." News Corp. owns both The Journal and The Post.

The move is another step forward in Murdoch's plan to get consumers to pay for
digital and wireless content. Due to its specialized content, The Journal is one
of only a few papers that has seen success in this business.

Charging for online and wireless delivery of content is key to offsetting
declines in circulation and advertising revenue plaguing many media companies.
But many pundits think by charging for access, companies run the risk of losing
readers to free outlets.

Industry observers predict the cellphone will be the primary device consumers
use to access content on the go.

Murdoch has said he plans to charge for online access to all company content,
and, at the conference, he reiterated that News Corp. was considering a
subscription or pay-per-view model for the Hulu online video site, which the
company co-owns with NBC Universal and Disney.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 13, 2009 Sunday

WE HEAR . . .

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 155 words


THAT Santigold will perform at In Touch's "Icons and   Idols" VMA bash at St.
Bart's     Church tonight . . . THAT Condé Nast Traveler has assembled Mandy
Moore, Wyclef Jean, Goldman Sachs' Abby  Joseph Cohen and News Corp.'s Rachel
Webber for the third annual World Savers Congress on Sept. 21 in New York to
discuss      the importance of corporate social responsibility . . . THAT such
notable public-school alums as Chris Rock, Calvin  Klein, Norma Kamali,
Citigroup Chairman Richard Parsons, restaurateur Drew Nieporent and   Knicks
legend Bernard King will attend Pencil's first-ever New York City Public School
Alumni Celebration on Tuesday at JPMorgan Chase's Mid  town headquarters . . .
THAT James Taylor, Sting, Van   Morrison, Jackson Brown and  Bonnie Raitt will
play along side headliners U2 and Eric  Clapton at the Rock and Roll Hall  of
Fame Foundation 25th anniversary concert at Madison Square Garden in October.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kanye West's "sci fi" gal pal, Amber Rose, shines at a downtown gala.
(Atlas Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            September 4, 2009 Friday

IMUS DEBUT ON FOX SET FOR OCTOBER; BUSINESS 'NET TO DO SIMULCAST

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 290 words


Radio renegade Don Imus is back on TV - in a big way.

The veteran talk-show host signed a multiyear deal for his eclectic show to be
simulcast on Fox Business Network from 6 a.m. to 9 a.m. weekdays, starting Oct.
5. (Fox Business, like The Post, is owned by News Corp.)

The widely expected development moves Imus closer to having the platform he had
two years ago when his daily radio show was broadcast on CBS Radio's WFAN and
simulcast on MSNBC.

However, he was taken off the air after making derogatory racial remarks about
the female basketball team at Rutgers.

Imus made a return to radio at the end of 2007, when Citadel Broadcasting hired
him for a similar show, but staging a big-market comeback on TV took longer.

He struck a deal to have his show simulcast on RFD-TV, a cable network that
serves about 35 million households and focuses on rural America, but reports
said Imus had been keen to get his show on a larger TV platform.

In reaching a pact with Fox Business, Imus will get that wish, as the channel is
available in 49 million homes, including New York and Washington, where Imus is
particularly popular.

"His 40 years of on-air experience combined with his superb interviewing skills
and capitalist sensibilities will be a great addition to our lineup," said Kevin
Magee, executive vice president of Fox Business.

He said Imus will add more business reports to his mix of news, sports,
commentary and comedy. Fox Business reporters also will contribute to the
simulcast.

With his arrival, the Fox Business program "Money for Breakfast," hosted by
Alexis Glick, will be canceled, though Glick will continue anchoring "Opening
Bell" from 9 a.m. to 10 a.m., and remains the channel's vice president for
business news.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Radio rebel Don Imus. (Brigitte Stelzer)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 22, 2009 Saturday

DOW INDEX MAY BE SOLD

BYLINE: Post Staff

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 101 words


The Dow Jones industrial average might one day get another name as Dow Jones &
Co. is reportedly considering a sale of its stock-index business.

According to a story on The Wall Street Journal Web site yesterday, Dow Jones
parent News Corp. has tapped Goldman Sachs to explore a sale of the unit, which
includes the 30-stock Dow index as well as other indexes. Also under
consideration is a joint venture, the paper said.

Dow Jones is the parent company of the Journal, which, like The Post, is owned
by News Corp.

The Dow Jones index was created in 1896 by Journal co-founder Charles Dow.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 6, 2009 Thursday

CHARGE FOR NEWS - MURDOCH PLANS TO BE PAID FOR DIGITAL CONTENT

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 489 words


News Corp. Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch yesterday said the media giant will
begin charging for all of its news Web sites, arguing that an industry that
gives away its content for free cuts into the future of its business.

The comments echo statements that Murdoch has made previously, but also suggest
that his plans will include more than just the company's newspapers.

"Quality journalism is not cheap," he said. "A newspaper that gives away its
content is simply cannibalizing its ability to produce good reporting."

"We intend to charge for all news Web sites," Murdoch said, referring not only
to the online versions of newspapers such as The Wall Street Journal, The London
Sun and The Post, but also to news-related Web sites like those of Fox News
Channel and Fox Business Network. Murdoch added that he expects to begin
charging for news content online sometime during this fiscal year.

Murdoch and News Corp. COO Chase Carey both stressed that the ad-supported
broadcasting business no longer worked and that there must be a move to other
models.

"On the broadcasting side, we have an ad-supported business model that does not
work," Carey said.

A scenario could involve charging cable and satellite operators to retransmit
the Fox broadcast network.

Murdoch's vow intensifies the battle between newspaper owners, who claim they
aren't being compensated adequately for their content, and companies like Google
and Yahoo!, which aggregate news and argue that by doing so they increase its
value by driving consumers to the newspapers' respective Web sites.

The comments also came against an earnings report in which advertising declines
resulted in an operating profit drop of 63 percent to $96 million at News
Corp.'s newspaper division.

On the whole, the company, whose assets also include 20th Century Fox and
HarperCollins, posted a fiscal fourth-quarter loss of $203 million, or 8 cents
per share, for the three months ended June 30. That compared with a year-earlier
profit of $1.1 billion, or 43 cents per share.

The company said the loss was a result of $680 million in charges at Fox
Interactive Media, related primarily to social-networking site MySpace.

Fourth-quarter revenue came in at $7.67 billion, down 10.5 percent from the
prior year but in line with analysts' expectations for the firm.

Excluding the charges - incurred mainly as a result of a writedown at MySpace as
well as the social network laying off 720 employees, or about 40 percent of its
workforce - the company would have earned 19 cents a share.

News Corp. shares closed trading yesterday down 6 cents, or less than 1 percent,
to $12.21.

Growth at News Corp.'s cable network segment was offset by declines at its
television, film, newspaper, book publishing, satellite television and new-media
divisions.

For the full year, News Corp. lost $3.4 billion, or $1.29 per share, vs. net
income of $5.4 billion, or $1.81 per share.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            June 24, 2009 Wednesday

COLLEGIATE BREINDEL HONOR

BYLINE: Amber Sutherland

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 194 words


A Stanford University student yesterday received News Corp.'s prestigious Eric
Breindel Collegiate Journalism Award.

Carl J. Kelm, 21, a native of Modesto, Calif., received a $10,000 prize along
with a plaque bearing the name of The Post's late editorial-page editor, who
died in 1998.

Kelm was recognized for his work at The Stanford Review, where he was quickly
promoted to news editor halfway through his freshman year. He rose through the
ranks to become editor-in-chief by his senior year.

The prize also includes an internship at a News Corp. outlet. Kelm will work at
The Wall Street Journal, after which the political-science major, who minored in
history, plans to attend law school.

"I'm truly honored to be mentioned in the same breath as Mr. Breindel," Kelm
said. "This is exciting."

Kelm was feted at a luncheon at News Corp. headquarters, the highlight of his
first trip to New York City.

The award is presented to student journalists whose work best reflects the
spirit that animated the writings of Eric Breindel: love of country and its
democratic institutions, as well as the act of bearing witness to the evils of
totalitarianism.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            June 10, 2009 Wednesday

EXPERTS FOCUS ON BLACK EDUCATION

BYLINE: Yoav Gonen

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 69 words


President Obama's education czar and other top officials focus on
African-American education this week at the 23rd Annual 100 Black Men of America
Conference.

The five-day event opens tonight at the Hilton New York, with speeches from Gov.
Paterson, actress Vivica Fox, Mayor Bloomberg, Comptroller Bill Thompson and
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein. It is sponsored in part by The Post's parent
company, News Corp.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 4, 2009 Thursday

BLACKS IN EDUCATION

BYLINE: Todd Venezia

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 46 words


A group of prominent African-American leaders will gather in New York next week
for a meeting to discuss educational issues.

The June 10-14 conference - sponsored in part by News Corp., the parent company
of The Post - will focus on the theme "Education on the Frontline."

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 4, 2009 Thursday

KIDS SCORE BIG-TIME

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 96 words


CAROLINE Kennedy and Wendi Murdoch hosted a breakfast yesterday at the News
Corp. building for the Shop for Public Schools program. Speaking to 60
representatives from such firms as Dior, Tahari, Tory Burch and Armani Exchange,
Kennedy highlighted the recent gains made in reading scores in the city's public
schools, and Murdoch spoke of her experience growing up in public schools in
China. The sponsorship of lead corporate partner Bank of America enables all
donations from retailers to go directly to The Fund for Public Schools to
support libraries and literacy initiatives.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 4, 2009 Thursday

SPOUSES SPLIT THEIR SOIREES

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 147 words


BARRY Diller and Diane von Furstenberg know the secret to a long and happy
marriage: Give your spouse some space. Take tonight. The media mogul and the
fashion icon are hosting separate parties on opposite ends of the city at
exactly the same time, reports The Post's Peter Lauria. While Diller is hosting
a bash on a private roof garden overlooking Rockefeller Center to welcome new
AOL boss Tim Armstrong and News Corp.'s chief digital officer Jonathan Miller to
New York's digital community, von Furstenberg will be at her downtown
headquarters celebrating "Womenomics," a new book by "Good Morning America" host
Claire Shipman and the BBC's Katty Kay advising their gender on how to live and
work "the way you really want." While Diller's expecting Jeff Zucker, Jimmy
Fallon, Seth Myers and Mike Ovitz, von Furstenberg is drawing Katie Couric,
Charlie Gibson and Charlie Rose.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 4, 2009 Thursday

CAREY RETURNING TO NEWS CORP. AS NO. 2

BYLINE: HOLLY SANDERS WARE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 248 words


News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch yesterday confirmed he is bringing back
company veteran Chase Carey to be his second-in-command.

Carey will become deputy chairman, president and chief operating officer on July
1 after Peter Chernin steps down as president and COO. He will also join the
company's board.

Murdoch reportedly has been courting Carey, the chief executive of satellite
operator DirectTV, since Chernin announced his decision to leave at the end of
the month.

A longtime lieutenant and trusted adviser to Murdoch, Carey will oversee News
Corp.'s sprawling media business, including the film studio, television
stations, cable networks and newspapers. (News Corp. owns The Post.)

"Chase has been one of my closest advisers and friends for years and I am
delighted we'll once again be working together across our businesses as we face
the challenges and great opportunities ahead," Murdoch said in a statement.

Carey had shared the role of chief operating officer with Chernin until 2002.

He took the helm at DirectTV when it was part of News Corp. and stayed on after
Murdoch swapped his stake in the company to Liberty's John Malone in exchange
for News Corp. shares.

Before that, Carey had spent 15 years as a senior executive at News Corp. in
various roles, including co-COO of Fox Entertainment Group and CEO of Fox
Television.

News Corp. made the announcement after the close of markets. Shares of News Corp
fell 2.54 percent to close at $10.34 in regular trading.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 18, 2009 Monday

TV ADS UP TO LESS - SPONSORS BALK AT HIGHER RATES DURING PRIMETIME

BYLINE: HOLLY SANDERS WARE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 490 words


TV executives are bracing for pricing battles with advertisers in what is
expected to be a drawn-out ad-sales market season this year.

The annual "upfront" season starts in earnest today, when the big broadcast
networks - ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox - unveil their new schedules. Most cable
networks have already presented their shows to advertisers. (News Corp. owns Fox
and The Post.)

Given the abysmal ad market and the broader economic downturn, advertisers and
their media buyers want to hold firm against primetime rate hikes after years of
agreeing to increases.

"The focus is really on price this year," said one ad buyer, who declined to be
named because of the sensitive nature of the negotiations.

The broadcast networks, in particular, are feeling the heat. Despite continually
eroding ratings, they have managed to pass through increases most years. Demand
for broadcast time has propped up prices even as the supply of ratings dwindles.

The cable networks are better positioned heading into the upfront as they
continue to close the ratings gap with their broadcast rivals and improve the
quality of their shows. Even so, they are expecting some pushback from
advertisers, too.

"Everybody is going to be facing real price pressure," said Mel Berning,
executive vice president of A&E Television Networks, which owns the A&E and
History channels. "What's going on in the economy is too big for anyone to get a
pass."

As the name suggests, the upfront takes place months before the networks debut
their shows. A lot can happen in that time, including an uptick in the economy.
In recent weeks, media chiefs have started to sound upbeat, believing the ad
market is at or near the bottom.

This has given analysts a reason to be more bullish on the broadcast TV biz. If
the networks don't like the pricing during the upfront, they can hold back more
inventory to sell later on the spot market, betting that the economy rebounds.

The upfront haul for broadcasters - which has hovered around $9 billion for the
broadcast networks the last couple of years - is expected to be down anywhere
from 5 percent to 25 percent, depending on estimates.

Barclays analyst Anthony DiClemente expects broadcast upfront dollars to be down
15 percent this year as the networks hold back inventory, but he believes
pricing will be stable.

"I think that if the economy improves, the broadcast networks will make that up
at least partially in the scatter market," he said during a conference call to
discuss his upgrade of several media stocks. "Although volume will be down year
over year, I do believe that pricing will hold in at least flat versus last
year's upfront."

----

Trip the light

Broadcast networks are tip-toeing around the current upfront season. Analysts
see a real song and dance over price increases between networks and ad buyers.

2008: $9 BILLION

2009: $7.2 BILLION*

*Based on anticipated 20 percent decline in upfront sales

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ABC's "Dancing with the Stars."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                               May 8, 2009 Friday

$5.5M NEWS CORP. GIFT TO HARLEM CHARTER

BYLINE: LEONARD GREENE and YOAV GONEN

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 259 words


One of the city's most successful charter schools got a big boost last night
toward building a new home.

At a star-studded benefit concert at the Apollo Theater, News Corp. Chairman
Rupert Murdoch - owner of the New York Post - made a surprise, $5.5 million
donation to the Harlem Village Academy, a high-performing school serving grades
5 through 10.

Deborah Kenny, CEO of a network of college preparatory schools that includes
Harlem Village, said the money would go a long way toward securing a high-school
building for the academy.

"We were overjoyed for the children in Harlem, who are going to have a
high-quality high school for this community," said Kenny, who added that Murdoch
has "been passionate about education for a very long time."

"The children deserve this," she added.

Charter schools receive no funding for construction, which has forced dozens of
them to spend operational funds, which otherwise would be used to educate kids,
on leasing or constructing classroom space.

The fund-raising benefit gala was hosted by actor Hugh Jackman - who emceed the
Oscars award show earlier this year - and featured performances by R&B stars
John Legend and Patti LaBelle.

Murdoch, who was introduced onstage by former New York Giant running back and
Harlem Village Academy board member Tiki Barber, pitched $500,000 of the
donation as a challenge grant to help encourage additional contributions.

"They're setting higher standards for schools in the whole community," Murdoch
said of the academy. "I just wish we had more facilities."

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RUPERT MURDOCH Hails "higher standards."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 7, 2009 Thursday

NEWS CORP. REPORTS Q3 INCOME OF $2.7B

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 320 words


News Corp., the media conglomerate controlled by Rupert Murdoch, reported net
income of $2.7 billion, or $1.04 per share, in its fiscal third quarter, driven
by a one-time gain of $1.2 billion from the partial sale of its stake in NDS
Group and a $1.2 billion tax credit.

Absent the one-time gains, News Corp., which owns The Post, earned 16 cents per
share in the quarter, in line with analysts' expectations. Revenue was $7.4
billion, slightly below analysts' estimates of $7.7 billion. Operating income
fell 47 percent to $755 million.

Encouraged by the results, Murdoch - who had been uncommonly pessimistic on the
state of the economy - struck an optimistic tone.

"It's increasingly clear that the worst is over," said Murdoch. "Revenues are
beginning to look healthier."

Murdoch used yesterday's earnings call as a referendum on getting people to pay
for digital content, particularly content from his vast newspaper empire, which
reported operating income of $7 million compared with $216 million a year ago.

Advertising revenue at The Wall Street Journal alone declined 33 percent. At the
same time, however, visitors to that paper's Web site in April swelled nearly 50
percent from the prior year to 26.5 million, and ad revenue was pacing at 20
percent year-over-year for the fourth quarter.

"There's no doubt that the traditional newspaper business model has to be
changed," Murdoch said, adding that the company is looking at ways "to return
journalistic enterprises to long-term profitability."

One of those ways includes making people pay for newspaper content on devices
like Apple's iPhone.

To be sure, Murdoch said that the Journal's iPhone readers will soon be "paying
handsomely," and that News Corp. "won't be ceding content rights to the kind
people that created the Kindle."

Murdoch also said to expect some of his newspapers to begin charging for general
online news within the next year.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 6, 2009 Wednesday

NEWS CORP. STUDIES WEB CONTENT PLATFORMS

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 305 words


Media companies have had a hard time getting consumers to pay for content
online, but Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. is attempting to leverage its worldwide
news-gathering operation to get them to do just that.

In one of the most ambitious online undertakings by a media outfit, News Corp.
has assembled a team of executives to devise a system to charge for content on
the Web.

Fanned out across New York, London and Sydney, the global team includes Murdoch
himself, his son, James, longtime News Corp. executive and Dow Jones CEO Les
Hinton and Jonathan Miller, the former AOL boss who now oversees all of News
Corp.'s digital operations.

The team is said to be looking at creating a user-friendly device akin to
Amazon's Kindle to deliver content from such News Corp. newspapers as The Wall
Street Journal, The Times of London and The New York Post, as well as content
from the company's television and movie units.

The move comes against the backdrop of a newspaper climate ravaged by reader and
advertiser flight to the Web.

In the last year, newspapers in Seattle and Denver have either shut down or
moved entirely to the Web, while the owners of papers in Boston and San
Francisco have threatened to cease publishing.

Others, like the Star Tribune in Minneapolis and the Tribune Co., owners of the
Los Angeles Times and Chicago Tribune, have been forced to file for bankruptcy.

For Murdoch, the move is also a clear break from the notion that content,
particularly news content, can be offered online for free and monetized solely
through advertising.

Upon acquiring the Journal two years ago, Murdoch contemplated making that
paper's Web site free. He reversed his position after realizing that once he
eliminated the revenue stream generated by online subscriptions to the Journal,
he'd never be able to get it back.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             April 28, 2009 Tuesday

MYSPACE ADDS TWO WEB VETS

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 132 words


News Corp. continued its aggressive revamp of MySpace yesterday, adding two of
the digital world's most respected executives to the social-networking Web
site's management team.

On his first day as MySpace's new CEO, Owen Van Natta announced that former AOL
executive Michael Jones and former MTV Networks chief digital officer Jason
Hirschhorn have joined the company as COO and chief product officer,
respectively.

Jones and Hirschhorn are key strategic hires for News Corp., (which also owns
The Post.) as the duo has expertise in two areas that have been challenges for
MySpace: Monetization and product creation.

MySpace is under pressure to produce revenue to match its user base,
particularly since its lucrative $900 million advertising deal with Google may
not be renewed next year.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            April 25, 2009 Saturday

VAN NATTA NAMED AT MYSPACE

BYLINE: Post Staff

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 164 words


News Corp. yesterday tapped former Facebook executive Owen Van Natta as CEO of
its popular social-networking site MySpace.

Van Natta replaces MySpace co-founder Chris DeWolfe, who stepped down earlier
this week. Van Natta will report to Jonathan Miller, News Corp.'s chief digital
officer. In addition to MySpace, News Corp. owns The Post.

Van Natta had been CEO of Playlist Inc., an online music company. Earlier, he
was the chief revenue officer and vice president of operations at Facebook,
where he helped negotiate that Web site's $240 million investment by Microsoft.

"Owen combines a deep understanding of social networking, a keen business sense
and the operational experience to guide MySpace through its next phase of
growth," Miller said in a statement. "I'm confident his leadership will be an
invaluable asset."

Meanwhile, at Playlist, MTV co-founder John Sykes was hired to replace Van
Natta, who will remain an adviser to the company.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            April 16, 2009 Thursday

POWER CROWD SHOWS FOR SUZY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 156 words


SUZY Welch, the wife of retired GE chief Jack Welch, drew a stellar crowd to
Tuesday's launch of her self-help book, "10-10-10." Or maybe the turnout was due
to the party's hosts, Tina Brown and Harry Evans, who opened up their East 57th
Street maisonette, and Barry Diller, who backs Brown's Web site, The Daily
Beast. Among those who raised a glass: Matt Lauer, who'd interviewed Welch on
"Today" that morning; News Corp. chairman Rupert Murdoch; Joe Scarborough and
Mika Brzezinski; Tom and Meredith Brokaw; Pamela Gross and Jimmy Finkelstein;
Joe Armstrong; and Carl Bernstein, who was deep in conversation with Ben
Bradlee, his old Washington Post boss. Bradlee's wife, Sally Quinn, told Page
Six how busy she was with all the hoopla surrounding Grey Gardens, their house
in East Hampton, and proudly introduced her son Quinn, who just launched his own
book, "A Different Life: Growing Up Learning Disabled and Other Adventures."

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            March 11, 2009 Wednesday

CHANGING TIMES

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 106 words


ARTHUR "Pinch" Sulzberger Jr. likely was ticked when he saw yesterday's New York
Times crossword puzzle. The 50-across clue, "The Big Board for short" (answer:
NYSE), led to 58-across - the clue for which was, "Where to read about the
50-across: Abbr." The answer is "WSJ," short for the Wall Street Journal, which
is the cash-strapped Times' dreaded, fast-growing nemesis. Asked about the
Times' glowing nod to the Journal (owned by News Corp., which also owns The
Post), Times rep Catherine Mathis sniffed: "In my view, the best place to read
about the Big Board, or any other business-related issue, is the New York
Times." Too late!

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 24, 2009 Tuesday

PETER CHERNIN TO EXIT NEWS CORP. IN JUNE

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 259 words


News Corp. President and Chief Operating Officer and Fox Group CEO Peter Chernin
is stepping down when his contract expires on June 30.

The company said that the Fox businesses will now report directly to News Corp.
Chairman Rupert Murdoch, and that the two executives will work closely to ensure
an "effective transition."

"Peter is a valued colleague and a trusted friend," Murdoch said in a statement
announcing Chernin's resignation. "There are few executives, at any company,
that combine his maturity, his experience, and his skills as a communicator and
leader - I will miss him. It is understandable that at this stage in his life he
would want to do something new after serving News Corp. and our shareholders so
well for so long."

Commenting on his departure, Chernin said, "This was a difficult decision for
me. Next week marks my 20th anniversary with News Corp. and the company has been
a huge part of my life.

"During my years here, I have had the great privilege to work for one of the
true visionary leaders of our time, Rupert Murdoch. As a leader, Rupert is
unparalleled. He is bold, entrepreneurial, innovative, creative and incredibly
supportive. As a partner and friend he has been inspiring, fascinating, and most
of all, tremendous fun."

Chernin runs News Corp.'s television and film-production divisions, which under
his watch have grown to become one of the company's main profit centers.

Chernin, who joined News Corp. in 1989, plans to launch a Fox-based production
company later this year. News Corp. owns The Post.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            February 6, 2009 Friday

NEWS CORP. POSTS LOSS; CABLE UNIT GAINS 27%

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 274 words


News Corp. yesterday reported a fiscal second-quarter loss on the back of an
$8.4 billion writedown on the value of its television stations, newspapers and
other assets, which obscured continued strength in the company's cable networks
unit.

As a result of the writedown, News Corp. recorded a net loss of $6.4 billion, or
$2.45 per share, compared with net income of $832 million, or 27 cents per
share, a year ago. (News Corp. owns The Post.)

Excluding the writedown, the company would have recorded net income of $320
million, or 12 cents per share.

"While we anticipated a weakening, the downturn is more severe and likely longer
lasting that previously thought," Chairman Rupert Murdoch said in a statement.

News Corp.'s suite of cable networks, which includes Fox News Channel and FX,
continued its historically strong performance, posting a 27 percent rise in
operating income to $428 million, an increase of $91 million from the prior
year. It was one of two divisions among the company's eight to post an increase
in operating income.

To address what Murdoch called "the worst global economic crisis" since the
company was established 50 years ago, News Corp. has introduced stringent
cost-cutting measures that will include layoffs "where appropriate."

The company already has achieved $500 million of cost savings at Dow Jones and
its Fox unit. It expects to save an additional $7 million by combining the
back-office operations of Dow Jones and The Post, Murdoch said.

Murdoch declined to discuss the status of contract talks with President and
Chief Operating Officer Peter Chernin, whose contract will expire later this
year.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           January 22, 2009 Thursday

WE HEAR . . .

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 68 words


THAT while our nation said "Yes, we can!" on Tuesday, News Corp. Senior VP Les
Goodstein was saying, "Yes, I do!" as he wed his lovely bride, Jennifer Watkins,
in a small family ceremony officiated by Judge Richard Weinberg at Tavern on the
Green . . . THAT John Hodges and Vanity Fair editor Punch Hutton welcomed into
the world a healthy baby daughter, Ellery Taylor Hodges, weighing in at 7
pounds, 9 ounces.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 19, 2008 Friday

HARPER IS MAD FOR MADOFF - PUBLISHER AWARDS KIRTZMAN BOOK MORE THAN $250K

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 935 words


ANDREW Kirtzman, a former CBS News correspondent and Rudy Giuliani biographer,
is the first man out of the gate with a book deal on the dizzying Bernard Madoff
scandal.

Industry sources said he is believed to have snagged an advance of more than
$250,000 from the Harper imprint of HarperCollins to turn around a book on the
scandal that has wiped out as much as $50 billion of investors' money.
(HarperCollins is owned by News Corp., which also owns The Post.)

Most industry observers think there will eventually be a flood of books on the
topic.

Indeed, Claire Wachtel, the executive editor at Harper who signed Kirtzman,
doesn't think the attention given to Madoff will flag anytime soon.

"I think it is going to be a long, long time before we get to the bottom of
this," she said. "It's catastrophic what it's done to Jewish charities, to
people's lives. The human dimensions are staggering."

In the publishing world alone, Madoff's alleged Ponzi scheme has hit Daily News
owner Mort Zuckerman's charity investments and the entire life savings of
Alexandra Penney, bestselling author and former editor-in-chief of Self.

Wachtel's hoping Kirtzman's book hits shelves "sometime in 2010."

The deal was brokered by Philippa "Flip" Brophy at Sterling Lord Literistic.

Kirtzman is a past co-host of NY1's "Inside City Hall" and the author of the
2000 book "Rudy Giuliani: Emperor of the City."

He left his CBS gig in April after a six-year run.

Irish Web

Michael Flatley, the Irish choreographer behind the fabled "Lord of the Dance,"
may soon become the lord of the Web.

The dance master who created the original "Riverdance" is said to be one of the
people negotiating with Irish Voice Publisher Niall O'Dowd about   backing a new
Internet venture aimed at the Irish diaspora, to be called Irishcentral.com.

O'Dowd said he has commitments for $3 million of the $5 million he hopes to
raise by the time of the Web site's official launch in mid-March.

Don Keogh, chairman of Allen & Co and former CEO of Coca-Cola, is already on
board as an early investor, said O'Dowd.

Negotiations are also said to be underway with several major daily newspapers in
Ireland to potentially join the venture.

Among those being approached are billionaire Irish media mogul Tony O'Reilly,
former CEO of H. J. Heinz and current owner of the Independent in London and the
Irish Independent in Dublin.

"I've done four start-ups, this will be my fifth," said O'Dowd, who started
Irish Tribune Media in 1987 with the backing of Michael Smurfit. In addition to
the Irish Voice, O'Dowd publishes the 100,000-circulation Irish America
Magazine.

The new venture will be aimed at the Irish American audience as well as people
who live in Ireland.

"Right now, every site in Ireland is focused on only Ireland and the sites in
the United States are even more fragmented - you'll have one focused on
genealogy, another on culture, another on music," said O'Dowd.

He hopes to be a main gateway for an upscale audience of Irish Americans with
everything from political news to shopping.

O'Dowd was a behind-the-scenes facilitator of the Northern Ireland peace process
that led to the 1998 Good Friday agreement, and in recent years he has been
active in campaigning for US immigration reform.

"We'll look at everything from Barack Obama's Irish roots" - his great, great,
great grandfather, Salmuth Kearney, emigrated from County Oflay to the
Cleveland, Ohio, area around 1851 - "to the battle shaping up between
Congressman Peter King and Caroline Kennedy," said O'Dowd.

Kevin Hayes, the former Web editor at the New York Daily News, has been hired as
general manager and content editor, overseeing a staff of 11.

Book deal

Ryan Lizza's book on Barack Obama's first year in office has its biggest
potential rival in an Obama book to be penned by Newsweek scribe and NBC News
commentator Jonathan Alter.

"I think there will be a lot of books about the campaign," said Alter. "I'm not
doing that. I think my biggest competition will be Ryan Lizza."

Alter got a huge boost in credibility when Obama mentioned in his recent "60
Minutes" interview that he was reading a biography of Franklin D. Roosevelt.

Though Obama didn't disclose the exact author at the time, his transition team
later disclosed that the book was Alter's FDR biography, "The Defining Moment:
FDR's Hundred Days and the Triumph of Hope."

Though it's been 2 1/2 years since it was published in hardcover and 1 1/2 years
since the paperback hit, Alter's book on FDR has benefited from a resurgence in
interest.

Since Jan. 1, publisher Simon & Schuster has rushed another 77,000 copies to
bookstores, a Simon & Schuster spokeswoman said, boosting the total number of
paperback books in print to more than 100,000.

"Defining Moment" also began a slow climb on the New York Times extended
bestseller list from No. 33 on Dec. 14 to No. 25 on the list that will hit on
Dec. 28.

For his book about Obama, Alter is believed to have gotten an advance in the
vicinity of $500,000 in a deal brokered by Binky Urban at ICM.

Alter said that in some ways the 1932-33 era when Roosevelt came to power
parallels what's happening today as Obama prepares to take office next month.

When the deal was announced, Simon & Schuster said it was going to concentrate
on the first 100 days.

Now Alter says his book "may extend a little beyond the first 100 days. It may
be more like the first six months. A lot depends on the arc of the news."

Alter said he has known Obama for years and while he says he is not doing an
authorized book, he does expect to get some access.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Flatley. -Kirtzman. -Flatley.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           December 6, 2008 Saturday

MURDOCH'S NEWEST ROLE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 114 words


Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and CEO of News Corp., was elected Co-Chair of the
Partnership for New York City yesterday.

He joins Lloyd Blankfein, Chairman and CEO of Goldman Sachs, who is serving his
second year as Co-Chair of the Partnership, which is a network of business
leaders dedicated to enhancing the city's economy.

Murdoch succeeds Victor Ganzi, the former President and CEO of the Hearst
Corporation. News Corp. owns The Post.

Three members were re-elected to the position of Vice Chair: Candace Beinecke,
chair, Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP; Kenneth Chenault, chairman & CEO, American
Express Company; and Terry Lundgren, chairman, president & CEO, Macy's Inc.

Post staff

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 6, 2008 Thursday

NEWS CORP. SALES UP 6.3% TO $7.5B

BYLINE: BRIAN GARRITY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 68

LENGTH: 273 words


News Corp.'s fiscal first-quarter revenue jumped 6.3 percent to $7.5 billion
driven by gains in its cable, satellite, newspaper and online operations.

Net income for the three months ended Sept. 30 fell to $515 million, or 20 cents
per share, from $732 million, or 23 cents per share a year ago, partially
reflecting the sale of the DirecTV Group in February. (News Corp. owns The
Post).

Cable operating income rose 31 percent to $379 million, driven by increased
affiliate and advertising revenue from Fox News Channel, the Regional Sports
Networks, the Big Ten Network and the Fox International Channels.

Leading the satellite business, SKY Italia's operating income soared $117
million to $165 million on revenue from expanded soccer programming and net
subscriber additions of 359,000.

Newspaper and Information Services' operating income gained 46 percent to $134
million driven by lower depreciation expenses, while revenue at Fox Interactive
Media rose 17 percent to $220 million.

"I'm pleased that our cable group continues to perform extremely well, SKY
Italia remains a top performer and Fox Interactive Media is seeing revenue
growth even in the face of negative macroeconomic conditions around the globe,
including weak advertising markets," said News Corp. Chairman and CEO Rupert
Murdoch.

Profits were hurt by weakness in TV advertising. There also were tough
comparisons in the film business, which didn't deliver summer hits with the
box-office numbers of last year's "The Simpsons Movie" and "Live Free or Die
Hard."

News Corp. shares fell 9.7 percent, or $1.06, to $9.93 in New York Stock
Exchange composite trading.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 21, 2008 Tuesday

POST SALUTES 'ANGELS' OF NY - WINNERS UNITED AT GALA FOR UNSUNG HEROES

BYLINE: RITA DELFINER

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 1132 words


Nine of Gotham's guardian angels were honored yesterday as recipients of the
seventh annual New York Post Liberty Medals.

The winners, epitomizing the legion of New York's humble heroes who champion us
with their goodness and grit, were recognized at a reception emceed by TV host
Regis Philbin at the Midtown headquarters of News Corp., which owns The Post.

Hassan Askari, a Muslim college student who jumped in to help four Jewish subway
riders under attack, said he would accept the Courage Liberty Medal on behalf of
"the many other people out there" who don't hesitate to stand up for others.

"New York's a great place and there are always people ready to help you out,"
said Askari, who was born in Texas, grew up in Bangladesh and now lives in
Brooklyn.

Brooklyn great-grandmother Ruth Silber, an 83-year-old volunteer who runs the
library at PS 273 in East New York, was "shocked and thrilled" to win the
Leadership Medal.

Silber, who volunteers through the nonprofit Learning Leaders, urged New Yorkers
to volunteer "rather than sitting home thinking of your aches and pains.
Volunteering keeps you functioning, it keeps your mind alert."

The Finest Medal went to NYPD Emergency Service Unit Detective Michael Cook. He
negotiated seven hours with a Queens man who held his toddler daughter hostage,
finally convincing him to release her unharmed.

"My whole unit deserves this award and especially the guys that were on the job
that night," Cook said.

Long Islander Frankie Gaetani, 11, snagged the Young Heart award for putting
together a 40-member team for the Long Island National Kidney Foundation
walkathon.

His father has diabetes and end-stage renal disease, and Frankie wants others
"to understand what my dad goes through every day. It's important to understand,
because it could happen to anyone."

The Post launched the Liberty Medals program seven years ago in the aftermath of
9/11 to salute the selfless New Yorkers who go the extra mile to benefit others
with resourcefulness, empathy and valor.

A panel of prominent New Yorkers this year selected the winners from the
finalists in each of eight categories. Because of a tie, two Lifetime
Achievement medals were awarded.

Majora Carter, who took one of those medals for her crusade to make the South
Bronx greener, said it was an honor to win it "at the age of 41, but it really
puts the pressure on to achieve something for the rest of my life!"

Billionaire financier Jerome Kohlberg, 83, won the other Lifetime Achievement
Medal, for helping push the new GI bill and setting up his own $8 million Fund
for Veterans' Education.

"The most important gift for the young people of our country is an education,"
said Kohlberg, who was unable to attend the reception.

Paramedic Craig Roeder, who snagged the Bravest Award for saving two teens
trapped in a car that had flipped over, insisted he's no hero.

"Anyone who wears the FDNY uniform would put themselves in that same situation
that I did," he said. "We care about our city. We love the people of our city."

Former Olympic performance swimmer Jane Katz, a professor of health and physical
education at John Jay College, took the Educator Medal.

She was saluted for her devotion to her students, including kids from Department
of Juvenile Justice group homes who learn survival aquatic skills as well as the
art of "playing fair and the buddy system."

"When they re-enter society, those rules that were taught in the water carry
over to their daily lifestyle," she said.

Dr. Eduardo Marti, president of Queensborough Community College and a
Cuban-American, won the Freedom Medal as a champion of human rights.

----

NY'S LIBERTY MEDAL WINNERS 2008

LEADERSHIP - RUTH SILBER: The Brooklyn great-grandmother, 83, volunteers to run
the library at PS 273, an elementary school in East New York that does not have
a fulltime licensed librarian. "I enjoy doing it. It's so important when they
love to read," says the retired bookkeeper, who has been a volunteer at the
school for 13 years.

EDUCATOR - JANE KATZ: A 1964 Olympic synchronized swimmer before the sport was
formally recognized, the John Jay College professor teaches swimming to
firefighters and cops. One of Katz's dearest projects is KARE - Kids Aquatic
Re-Entry - in which she teaches youngsters from Department of Juvenile Justice
group homes to swim, and impresses on them life lessons.

FINEST - MICHAEL COOK: The Emergency Service Unit detective negotiated for seven
hours with a barricaded Queens man who had poured gasoline over his 3-year-old
daughter and himself and threatened to set the building on fire. Cook was able
to calm him down, and the man handed over the toddler unharmed before
surrendering peacefully.

FREEDOM - EDUARDO MARTI The president of Queensborough Community College knows
firsthand about living under a dictatorship. Since leaving his native Cuba in
1960, Marti has worked to combat racism and hatred, and most recently was
instrumental in relocating a Holocaust Resource Center housed for 20 years in a
basement on campus to a prominent location.

YOUNG HEART - FRANKIE GAETANI: The Long Island 11-year-old, whose dad suffers
from diabetes and end-stage renal disease, is a dynamo devoted to raising
awareness about kidney disease. He recruited 40 people to take part in the first
Long Island National Kidney Foundation walkathon in June - and his team raised
$5,000 for the charity.

COURAGE - HASSAN ASKARI: The Muslim college student intervened when four Jewish
subway riders -strangers to him - came under attack after wishing fellow
straphangers a happy Hanukkah in response to someone in another group wishing
them a merry Christmas. "Something snapped in me and I said, 'I can't let this
happen,' " Askari recalled.

LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT (tie) - MAJORA CARTER: The Bronx-born environmental
activist and founder of the nonprofit Sustainable South Bronx has been a leading
advocate for the development of parks and green space in her native borough.
She's been instrumental in training impoverished and formerly incarcerated New
Yorkers in "green collar" jobs.

JEROME KOHLBERG: A World War II Navy vet who studied on the GI bill, the
billionaire financier, 83, helped push for better educational benefits for Iraq
and Afghanistan war veterans. He launched the group Campaign for a New GI Bill,
and also set up his own $8 million scholarship fund for veterans. Congress
passed a new GI bill in June 2008.

BRAVEST - CRAIG ROEDER: The paramedic risked his own safety to crawl under a car
that had flipped over on the Van Wyck Expressway and teetered on a guardrail. He
treated a teen beneath the car and dragged him to safety. Then he crawled
through the shattered rear windshield to reach the driver, and stabilized him
until firefighters freed the victim.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -CITY'S BEST: Frankie Gaetani goofs with Regis Philbin (left)
yesterday. Freedom Medal winner Eduardo Marti (center, right) with Mike Jerrick
and Juliet Huddy of WNYW/Channel 5's "The Morning Show." Lifetime Achievement
winner Jerome Kohlberg (above) won for helping GIs.      [NY Post photos by Chad
Rachman] -THEY'RE TOPS: Seven of the winners yesterday prove their "medal." From
left (front row): Jane Katz, Educator; Majora Carter, Lifetime Achievement; Ruth
Silber, Leadership; and (top row) Craig Roeder, Bravest; Hassan Askari, Courage;
Frankie Gaetani, Young Heart; and Michael Cook, Finest.               -CITY'S
BEST: Frankie Gaetani goofs with Regis Philbin (left) yesterday. Freedom Medal
winner Eduardo Marti (center, right) with Mike Jerrick and Juliet Huddy of
WNYW/Channel 5's "The Morning Show." Lifetime Achievement winner Jerome Kohlberg
(above) won for helping GIs.      [NY Post photos by Chad Rachman]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 29, 2008 Monday

BIGGER SPACE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 106 words


THE founder and CEO of MySpace, Chris DeWolfe, is out to revolutionize the music
industry - and make some money. MySpace, which has so far relied heavily on
advertising revenues to make bank, will now pocket a percentage of every song
sold - and in "phase two," when it starts selling concert tickets and
merchandise, it will receive a cut of those as well. But DeWolfe says he's not
out to infringe on Live Nation's business. "Most of our concerts are sponsored -
and Live Nation pays big money for big-name acts," he said Friday. "We're just
distributing through the Internet." MySpace is owned by News Corp., which also
owns The Post.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 13, 2008 Saturday

WE HEAR . . .

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 107 words


THAT Doubles, the private club on Fifth Avenue, will unveil its new decor by
designer Tom Britt on Wednesday . . . THAT Gary Ginsberg, the News Corp. exec
v.p. of global marketing and corporate affairs, will be honored at the American
Friends of the Hebrew University's Scopus award dinner Sept. 25 at The Plaza . .
. THAT Gail Berman and Lloyd Braun's company, BermanBraun, has bought the rights
to the New York Times column "Modern Love" to turn it into a TV series . . .
THAT E! Online's Marc Malkin is guest-curating "Dollypop," an art show featuring
all works inspired by Dolly Parton at the World of Wonder Storefront Gallery in
Hollywood.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 2, 2008 Tuesday

ON MAIN REET

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 689 words


If you've had your fill of the major business magazines' coverage of the credit
crunch, the next tier of business titles are serving up a refreshing mix of
stories that go beyond the pain gripping Wall Street. Here's our take on them.

Fast Company keeps getting better, smarter and more insightful each year. A
prime example is a story on the most valuable man in sports. No, it's not A-Rod.
Rather, it's a sports doctor who performs career-saving surgeries on most
big-league players. MySpace has a complex about getting older and doesn't like
being compared with upstart Facebook. (News Corp. owns MySpace and The Post.)
Although the story on the pioneering social networking site - sorry, it now
calls itself a "social portal" - doesn't break any news, it's a nice summary of
the challenges ahead.

Managed-care company Senior Whole Health tops Inc.'s annual list of the 500
fastest-growing private companies, which also features firms that produce bagel
chips and cheap flat-screen TVs. The package is a fascinating, albeit dry, look
at both well-known and obscure companies that are on the rise. Also inside is a
feel-good look at how Sierra Nevada Brewing and Boston Beer Co., the maker of
Sam Adams, sold off extra hops at cost to more than 100 rival microbreweries
around the country after a hops shortage broke out this spring.

Smart Money's appears to be suffering from a sorry dearth of smarts. Its
financial self-help cover article, "Simplify Your Financial Life," carries such
sage advice for cash-strapped parents as pay $30 or $50 an hour for a service
that employs college students to, say, wait for the cable guy. It's as if the
mag is saying, "if you have the means, I highly recommend it." Insight is also
in short supply. A so-called interview of investment guru Charlie Munger, Warren
Buffett's No. 2, falls short of saying anything meaningful.

Money's cover art features a fist squeezing a lemon into a tumbler of ice that
seems to suggest "low-ball" more than "lemonade," and the cover story on making
lemonade out of financial lemons is standard stuff. But check out the feature
"Is College Still Worth the Price?" True to its title, the story does more
asking than answering. Among the good questions it raises: Has increased
competition played a part in driving up prices? Are soaring tuition rates
funding smaller classes and better professors, or country-club amenities such as
giant hot tubs.

With Barack Obama's big speech closing out the Democratic convention last
Thursday, followed by John McCain's surprise pick for a running mate early
Friday, Time proved why it can be tricky to publish a newsweekly. This week's
issue - which carries nary a mention of McCain's running mate Sarah Palin as it
looks to portray McCain as a steely war-monger who's out of touch with his own
party - feels a little too "last week."

Newsweek managed to fit Palin alongside McCain onto its cover. But, as with
Time, the brewing story of the GOP convention vs. Hurricane Gustav is glaringly
absent. In the meantime, Newsweek makes an effort for a more multi-sided, if
scattershot, treatment of Palin's arrival. Columnist Andrew Romano argues that,
with the Palin pick, McCain has won a shrewd victory on the key issue of
experience. But columnist Jonathan Alter brands McCain's gambit an irresponsible
"Hail Sarah pass" that "won't do much to help John McCain get into the end
zone."

The New Yorker's cover amusingly depicts McCain as a rich kid playing at a
Monopoly board with hotels on pricey Boardwalk and Park Place, and "For Sale"
and "Foreclosure" signs on the cheaper-rent streets. Inside, the lead piece in
the "Talk of the Town" heaps praise on Obama's convention speech and - true to
form as the election heats up - dismisses Palin as a "baffling rejoinder to the
assuring nomination of Joe Biden." Steve Coll's feature on Gen. David Petraeus
gives what appears to be a relatively unfiltered portrait of the head of the US
forces in Iraq and his outlook on the war.

---

On the Newsstand

Fast Company: 2 1/2 stars

Inc.: 2 1/2

Smart Money: 1 1/2

Money: 2 1/2

Newsweek: 2

The New Yorker: 2

Time: 1 1/2

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           August 13, 2008 Wednesday

HOLDOUT KEITH

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 102 words


KEITH Olbermann is again being an embarrassment to MSNBC. The cable channel and
MySpace have teamed up to choose two "citizen journalist" correspondents to
cover the upcoming national political conventions. The "journalists" will be
featured both on MySpace and MSNBC's campaign coverage. A spy said, "Every
anchor is onboard and willing to play along, except Keith. He refuses to
participate because MySpace is owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corp." - which
also owns Fox News and The Post. A rep for Olbermann said, "There are no plans
for the contest winners to be on any programs other than 'Morning Joe.' "

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 6, 2008 Wednesday

NEWS CORP. SAYS PROFIT GREW 27% IN 4TH QTR.

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 317 words


News Corp. reported a 27 percent increase in fourth-quarter net income, driven
mainly by its film studio and cable networks, as well as one-time gains from an
asset swap with Liberty Media and the sales of Fox Sports Bay Area and
Gemstar-TV Guide.

Fourth-quarter net income came in at $1.1 billion, or 43 cents per share, an
increase of $239 million from the $890 million, or 28 cents per share, recorded
in the year-earlier period. Revenue climbed 17 percent to $8.6 billion.

As has been the case in previous quarters, strong performances at News Corp.'s
filmed entertainment and cable networks division offset weakness in its
television segment.

Filmed Entertainment revenue came in at $1.5 billion for the quarter, and
operating income more than doubled to $220 million from $106 million, primarily
attributable to DVD sales of "Alvin and the Chipmunks," "Juno," and "27
Dresses."

Cable network results were equally strong, with revenue of $1.4 billion and
operating income of $313 million, a 10 percent increase from the prior year.

But the continued migration of advertising to the Internet and an economic
slowdown took its toll on News Corp.'s television segment, where fourth-quarter
revenue declined by $100 million to $1.3 billion and operating income declined
28 percent to $279 million.

News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch moved to reassure investors by saying in a
statement that despite "more challenging macro-economic conditions" in 2009, the
company's strong balance sheet and diversity in business lines and geographic
location position it "to better respond to the economic challenges" ahead.

For the full year, News Corp., whose assets range from 20th Century Fox and Fox
News to HarperCollins and The New York Post, recorded revenue of $33 billion and
net income of $5.4 billion.

Investors sent News Corp. shares up 5 percent, or 68 cents, to close trading
yesterday at $15.25.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            June 18, 2008 Wednesday

BLOGGER GETS BOOT AT STAR - ALLISON DIDN'T DO ANY WRITING, BUT GOT $125K A YEAR

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 887 words


TALKING head Julia Allison has lost her editor-at-large gig at Star magazine.

Allison, 27, is a prolific blogger, a relationship columnist for Time Out New
York and a frequent guest on everything from "Access Hollywood" to "Red Eye
w/Greg Gutfeld," on Fox News Channel, which like The Post, is owned by News
Corp.

She was snagging an estimated $125,000 a year at Star.

Her shameless self-promotion was chronicled by gawker.com, which seemed to have
a love-hate relationship with her, recently taking her to task for telling a
German newspaper that she is an updated version of the "Sex and the City" main
character.

"I am Carrie Bradshaw 2.0," she was quoted as saying.

Allison actually never did any writing for Star, but in frequent TV appearances
commenting on everything from celebrity scandals to dating problems and
politics, she was described as a Star editor-at-large.

Allison was hired when Bonnie Fuller was editorial director of Star publisher
American Media. Of course, Fuller is now gone.

American Media declined to comment on what was behind her ouster, and why her
one-year deal is not being renewed.

Allison also had not returned an e-mail by presstime.

Fuller left American Media last month, walking away from her $2 million a year
job with a severance package of unknown size. Her three-year contract was set to
expire in March 2009.

No takers

The Forbes Building was put on the block nearly a year ago, and nobody has
stepped forward to buy it - even though sources say the price tag has dropped to
the $100-million range.

When the 145,000-square-foot headquarters at 60 Fifth Ave. in Greenwich Village
first went on the market in July 2007, real estate broker Cushman & Wakefield
was expecting it to fetch a lofty $140 million.

At one point late last year, insiders said that the company was close to a deal
with a developer who had plans to convert the building to a multi-use retailing
and residential condo structure.

"But they went away," said a source.

The latest rumor inside regarding the building is that speculators have
disappeared, but a deep-pocketed educational institution remains interested.

The rumored suitors in that category include The New School and New York
University.

Several calls and e-mails to Scott Lathan of Cushman & Wakefield were not
returned.

A Forbes spokeswoman said, "It is still for sale, but there are no specific
offers."

The third generation of family members include four Forbes brothers - company
Chairman Steve, COO Timothy, Christopher and Robert, who hold executive jobs at
the company - plus sister Moira, who is not active in the company.

They all appear to have been engaging in some serious estate planning over the
past two years, liquidating much of the non-media portion of the Forbes empire.
The headquarters sale was to be a part of that process.

Sandstorm

Freelance photographer Steve Sands nearly went to war with New York magazine
over what he claims was an improperly obtained photo of actress Anne Hathaway,
the star of the soon to be released "Get Smart" and "The Devil Wears Prada."

The photo, snapped by Sands earlier this month, depicts Hathaway with what
appears to be a particularly bad fake tan that leaves her skin an orange color.

The photo had made its way onto the Just Jared fan Web site, where Sand's photo
agency Bauer Griffith had given it the OK to run.

Sands said that New York lifted the photo from the Just Jared Web site and used
it on nymag.com on June 5, initially without pay or attribution to himself or
his photo agency.

He said that when he called nymag.com Editor Ben Williams, he was told the
magazine believed it was entitled to use the photo under the fair use provision
of the copyright law.

At first, Sands was incensed.

"We're not talking about a mom-and-pop fan site," said Sands, who also
freelances for The Post. "We're talking about New York magazine, which is a
commercial venture.

"If New York magazine's contention is correct, then nobody would ever have to
pay for anybody's stuff once the first publication ran it," Sands said.

After getting no satisfaction, Sands contacted New York Chief Operating Officer
Kit Taylor.

Media Ink also made a few calls. And like that, the problem went away.

"It's a non-issue," said Taylor, who had initially sided with her editor. "The
whole thing is amicable."

Said Sands, "It is more than amicable. Kit Taylor did the right thing."

Ip out

Gregory Ip is jumping from The Wall Street Journal to The Economist after an
11-year run in the Washington bureau of the paper where he has been the chief
economic correspondent.

Ip said he will be responsible for writing and reporting on all aspects of the
US economy and economic policy, including the Federal Reserve.

"This is an extraordinary opportunity for me to expand my horizons," said Ip. "I
owe an enormous debt of gratitude to The Wall Street Journal and the people here
for the experience and opportunity they have given me these last 11 years."

The Economist has been booming in recent years. In its most recent report from
the Audit Bureau of Circulations, its paid circulation jumped 13 percent to
720,883 in North America.

Media Industry Newsletter reported that in an era when most weeklies are
slumping, The Economist's ad pages through May 31 were up 2 percent to 1,030.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 15, 2008 Sunday

NEWS CORP. GAVE TO SHARPTON

BYLINE: Isabel Vincent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 153 words


In 2005, the Rev. Al Sharpton reached out to News Corp., which owns The Post,
over the common cause of revising the way Nielsen measures television audiences
- especially minority viewers.

News Corp. had been conducting a public campaign and Sharpton "likened it to a
civil-rights cause," said a company spokesman.

"After partially fulfilling his promise to publicize our efforts within his
community of supporters, Rev. Sharpton asked the company to contribute $25,000
to [the National Action Network's] annual conference," said the spokesman.

News Corp. made the donation. No additional donations have been made.

"The paper we're at war with on an almost weekly basis knows full well that
their contribution does not buy silence from Rev. Sharpton or NAN," said NAN
spokesman Charlie King. "From our point of view, none of the corporations who
have contributed to our cause have ever felt under duress."

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 5, 2008 Thursday

HARPERCOLLINS CEO FRIEDMAN STEPS DOWN

BYLINE: KEITH J. KELLY

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 290 words


In a sudden move, Jane Friedman is out as president and CEO of HarperCollins
Publishers Worldwide, the book publishing arm of News Corp. and the
fourth-largest consumer book publisher in the world.

She is being replaced by her No. 2, Brian Murray.

The entire book industry has been experiencing tough times recently. Friedman,
62, is the second major book publishing executive to depart in recent weeks.

Peter Olson, the CEO of Random House, Inc., the largest consumer book publisher
in the United States also stepped down recently.

In the first nine months of the current fiscal year, operating profit for the
HarperCollins division had dropped by $6 million to $132 million, compared to
the same nine-month period a year earlier. In the most recent quarter ending
March 31, operating profit was flat at $29 million.

Friedman famously clashed with Judith Regan, and ultimately fired her in
December 2006. Friedman closed the Regan Books imprint at HarperCollins and laid
off many of the employees in the group.

Friedman was recruited to HarperCollins from Random House, where she had been
executive vice president of the Alfred Knopf imprint in 1997.

Her arrival was greeted warmly by most at HarperCollins, because they felt she
was a proven industry professional whose hiring represented a renewed commitment
to the book publishing operation of News Corp., which is also the parent company
of The Post.

During her run, she signed mega bestselling author Michael Crichton and "Mystic
River" author Dennis Lehane.

During the most recent quarter, HarperCollins had 54 books on the New Times
Times bestseller list, including four titles that reached the No. 1 spot.

Friedman declined to comment.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 21, 2008 Wednesday

NEWS CORP. NAMES THOMSON EDITOR OF WALL ST. JOURNAL

BYLINE: Paul Tharp

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 181 words


Robert Thomson, the former editor of The Times of London and the Financial
Times' US edition, has been named managing editor of The Wall Street Journal.

Thomson, 47, will also serve as editor-in-chief of Dow Jones, the unit that
publishes the Journal. He succeeds Marcus Brauchli, who resigned last month.

"Mr. Thomson's outstanding career as a financial journalist, foreign
correspondent and editor, equips him perfectly for the position," said Rupert
Murdoch, chairman of News Corp., which acquired the Journal for $5.16 billion in
December. (News Corp. owns The Post.)

Thomson will oversee news operations of the Journal and its Dow Jones News
Wires.

For the past five months, Thomson served as the Journal's publisher, a post that
will be assumed by Dow Jones CEO Les Hinton.

Editorial page editor Paul Gigot will report to Hinton, separating the editorial
page from news operations.

The decision to name Thomson managing editor was approved by the special
committee that was created at the time of the News Corp. purchase to protect the
editorial integrity of The Journal.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 14, 2008 Wednesday

WE HEAR . . .

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 89 words


THAT Peter Chernin, president and COO of News Corp., which owns The Post, is
being honored tomorrow night at Lincoln Center for his work as chairman of
Malaria No More, which fights the disease that kills a million people each year
. . . THAT Armani Exchange will co-host a party for Nylon Magazine's Young
Hollywood issue at Amalia tonight . . . THAT lawyer Herb Nass has inked a deal
with Wiley & Sons to publish "The 101 Biggest Estate Planning Mi$take$" next
year, with all the names changed "to protect the innocent and the stupid."

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 11, 2008 Sunday

NEWS CORP. BAILING ON $580M BID FOR NEWSDAY

BYLINE: LUKAS I. ALPERT

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 270 words


Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. pulled its $580 million bid for Tribune Co.'s
Newsday off the table yesterday, a company spokesman said.

News Corp. -  which also owns The Post -  was unable to justify outbidding Long
Island-based cable operator Cablevision's $650 million offer.

"It became uneconomical to continue," said News Corp. exec Gary Ginsberg.

The withdrawal of the offer makes it likely that Cablevision will end up with
the Long Island tabloid, although Mortimer Zuckerman, owner of the Daily News,
also has a $580 million bid on the table.

A Tribune spokesman declined to comment. Cablevision from the start has declined
to discuss the deal, and a spokesman said the company would not do so now.

News Corp.'s decision to walk away from Newsday was an unexpected turn in the
three-way bidding war for the paper.

Murdoch and Tribune owner Sam Zell had an agreement in principle to sell the
paper to News Corp., with Tribune holding onto a small stake in order to defer
large capital-gains taxes.

And just this week, in a conference call with investors, Murdoch hinted that the
deal with Zell was nearly done .

Murdoch later backtracked and was quoted saying the deal could take longer to
work out than what he had initially indicated.

It was also unclear if Murdoch would have run into regulatory issues on the
restrictions of owning several media outlets in the same market, since he
recently purchased Dow Jones with its flagship paper, The Wall Street Journal.

Murdoch had envisioned keeping Newsday separate from The Post, except for
combining printing and distribution resources.   With Reuters

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 8, 2008 Thursday

VERY GOOD NEWS: INCOME SURGES

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 282 words


News Corp. yesterday reported third-quarter net income of $2.7 billion, a nearly
threefold increase from the same quarter a year ago.

The large increase is due to a tax-free gain of $1.7 billion resulting from the
company, which owns The Post, swapping its majority stake in satellite
television company DirecTV for Liberty Media's roughly 16 percent voting
interest in News Corp.

That deal helped propel News Corp., whose stable of assets also includes Fox
News Channel, 20th Century Fox and The Wall Street Journal, to diluted earnings
of 91 cents per share in the third quarter, up from 27 cents per share in the
year earlier period.

Revenue for the quarter came in at $8.75 billion, a 16 percent increase over the
$7.5 billion recorded last year.

Beyond the Liberty swap, News Corp.'s earnings gain was driven by its broadcast
television and cable network assets, both of which experienced double-digit
operating income gains.

The company's broadcast-TV business generated operating income of $419 million
in the quarter - a 53 percent increase over prior-year results owed primarily to
Fox's airing of the Super Bowl as well as other factors.

Despite the launch costs associated with the Fox Business Network, News Corp.'s
cable network unit still grew operating income by 17 percent to $330 million
during the quarter.

The Dow Jones purchase helped increase operating income at the company's
newspapers and information services division by 38 percent to $216 million.

News Corp.'s four other divisions - filmed entertainment, direct broadcast
satellite television, magazines and inserts, and book publishing - reported
operating income that was either down, flat, or up marginally.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            April 23, 2008 Wednesday

WSJ EDITOR DEPARTING

BYLINE: HOLLY M. SANDERS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 117 words


The Wall Street Journal's top editor, Marcus Brauchli, resigned yesterday, four
months after Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. acquired the paper and parent Dow
Jones.

Brauchli, who became managing editor shortly before News Corp.'s bid for Dow
Jones became public last year, said it was time to leave after the change in
ownership.

"Now that the transition has taken place, I have come to believe the new owners
should have a managing editor of their own choosing," he wrote in a letter to
the staff.

Brauchli's departure follows a redesign of the business paper intended to beef
up political and general news coverage and put it in closer competition with The
New York Times.

News Corp. owns The Post.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             April 11, 2008 Friday

GAMING THE 'NET - M'SOFT APPEARS TO HAVE KEY TO YAHOO!'S FUTURE

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA and ZACHERY KOUWE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 610 words


Battle lines are being drawn over control of the Internet, with Microsoft on one
side, Google on the other and Yahoo!, Time Warner's AOL, and News Corp. racing
to align with one or the other.

Sources said yesterday that the three-weeks-or-else ultimatum Microsoft issued
Yahoo! over the weekend sent not only CEO Jerry Yang into overdrive, but also
Time Warner and News Corp., as the two companies saw the need to press ahead
with incomplete deal plans before time runs out.

"They are all trying to play in while they still can," said one source involved
in the process.

But the complexity of the different scenarios being discussed - which range from
a Yahoo!-AOL tie-up that would outsource search advertising to Google, to a new
company spawned from Yahoo!, Microsoft's MSN assets and News Corp.'s MySpace -
has got Wall Street hoping for the simpler Microsoft-Yahoo! merger to prevail.

"We continue to believe a Microsoft deal is the most likely outcome," Citigroup
analyst Mark Mahaney summed up in a report.

Part of the reason for that is because the alternative scenarios that emerged
this week are all fraught with their own problems.

The search advertising test Yahoo! is conducting with Google, for instance,
theoretically makes a deal between Yahoo! and AOL easier to structure since
Google already handles search advertising for AOL as part of its 5 percent stake
in the company. But, such a deal would give Google control of about 90 percent
of the search advertising market, a concentration of power that regulators would
likely not allow.

Regulatory issues are also at the forefront of any deal between Microsoft, News
Corp. (which publishes The Post) and Yahoo!, but sources said figuring out a
structure for the $42 billion deal is a larger concern.

As evidenced by News Corp.'s strategy shifts between Yahoo! and Microsoft, the
company is seen as less interested in who it aligns with and more focused on
monetizing MySpace.

But sources said News Corp. has in the past rarely shown interest in being a
minority partner and isn't likely to become one now unless it can get one of two
things: a valuation for MySpace on par with Facebook's $15 billion price tag, or
a commercial deal to sell MySpace's advertising inventory that trumps the $900
million, three-year deal it originally signed with Google.

Moreover, as UBS analyst Ben Schachter noted, while adding News Corp. to the mix
decreases Microsoft's financial risk in a deal, it also increases the
post-merger integration risk.

For those reasons, sources said they hope that Yahoo!, whose board meets today,
and Microsoft would find some way to meet in the middle.

"There's a window of opportunity over the next two weeks to come up with a deal
that provides face-saving mechanisms for the Yahoo! board without Microsoft
looking like it paid more," said one source close to the situation.

This could include a dividend payment or switching the $31 per share offer to
all-cash, though that would technically equate to an increased price.

"At the end of the day, Microsoft will own this asset one way or another because
that is what Yahoo!'s shareholders want," said one deal lawyer.

Yahoo! shares rose 3 percent yesterday to $28.59. Microsoft's bid now stands at
$29.34 a share.

----

What's next?

The course to Yahoo!'s future is riding on three distinct tracks. Here's how
they break down:

Partner possibilities --- End results

Microsoft & Yahoo! * Strong rival to Google * Microsoft gets Internet crediblity

Microsoft, News Corp. & Yahoo! * More $$ for Yahoo! shareholders * Helps MySpace
maximize value

AOL & Yahoo! * Fends off Microsoft * Lifts AOL's prospects

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Yahoo! boss Jerry Yang. [AFP/Getty Images]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            April 10, 2008 Thursday

CHASING YAHOO! - NEWS CORP. MAY PARTNER WITH M'SOFT IN BID

BYLINE: ZACHERY KOUWE and PETER LAURIA

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 370 words


The battle over the fate of Yahoo! remained up in the air last night as the
struggling Web icon intensified discussions about a deal with Time Warner's AOL
unit, while its main suitor, Microsoft, looked to partner with News Corp. in an
effort to boost its chances of succeeding with its takeover offer.

As The Post originally reported, Yahoo! has been holding serious negotiations
with Time Warner centered on combining its AOL Web portal with Yahoo! to create
a new entity in which Time Warner would own roughly 20 percent.

According to sources familiar with the talks, the structure of the possible deal
is complex and there are several issues, including the value of AOL, that have
yet to be worked out.

Under the proposed plan, the deal, which wouldn't include AOL's dial-up access
business, would involve Yahoo! using cash from the transaction and additional
funds to buy back several billion dollars worth of its own stock at a price
between $30 and $40 a share, sources said.

While the deal would not require a vote of Yahoo! shareholders for approval, the
company plans to put any deal to a vote anyway, sources said.

Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes has been trying to unload the struggling AOL unit as
it faces increasing competition from Google and others.

Meanwhile, as Microsoft gets increasingly frustrated with rejections of its $42
billion offer for Yahoo!, sources said the software giant is in discussions with
News Corp. to structure a deal that would combine its MSN unit and News Corp.'s
MySpace social networking site with Yahoo!. News Corp. publishes The Post.

Though those talks are at a sensitive stage and could fall apart, it would allow
Microsoft to increase the overall value that it could provide to Yahoo!'s
shareholders, sources said.

News Corp. has been in talks to swap MySpace for a stake in Yahoo! for some
time, but could not come up with a valuation that would top Microsoft's existing
$31 a share offer, sources said.

"This has got some legs," said one source close to the Microsoft-News Corp.
talks.

Yahoo! yesterday also announced a two-week partnership with Google to carry some
of the Web giant's search ads in what sources said could be a first-step toward
a deal with AOL.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 24, 2008 Monday

UNIVISION $NAPS UP YOUNGER VIEWERS

BYLINE: HOLLY M. SANDERS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 399 words


Spanish stalwart Univision has been gaining on its English-language rivals for
years, but this season it almost caught them in the race for younger viewers.

While ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox are still ahead by a long shot in total viewers and
adults ages 18 to 49, Univision nearly closed the ratings gap in the 18-to-34
group that advertisers covet. (Like The Post, Fox is owned by News Corp.)

For the season that started in September, Univision is almost tied with CBS in
that key category. Univision has been averaging a 1.7 rating in prime time among
adults 18 to 34, compared with a 1.8 for CBS, according to Nielsen figures.

Univision, the fifth-biggest network in the country, beat CBS in that category
20 weeks of this season, and ABC and NBC in five of them.

The Spanish-language broadcaster was already bigger than the youth-oriented CW,
which garnered just over a 1 rating in the 18-to-34 group, before the Hollywood
writers' strike in November.

Since then, Univision has been able to solidify its lead over the smaller
network. Univision didn't have to fill holes in its programming slate - most of
which is imported from Mexico - with reruns and reality shows.

Despite that advantage over its strike-hobbled rivals, ad buyers said
Univision's ratings give ammunition to its argument that it belongs in the same
league as the Big Four.

"You have to look at the season with an asterisk because of the strike," said
Brad Adgate, head of research for ad-buying firm Horizon Media. "Still, it
points out how far they've come."

Univision is looking to capitalize on its momentum during the "upfront" ad
market in May, when the big broadcast networks sell the bulk of their prime-time
spots ahead of the new fall season.

"Clearly, we're gaining a lot of traction," said David Lawenda, president of ad
sales for Univision. "I would argue this will be our best upfront."

While the CW and Univision both target the 18-to-34 group, CBS skews older than
its rivals and doesn't try to sell advertisers on its ability to attract younger
viewers.

Still, ad buyers said advertisers have woken up to Spanish-language media and
the sizable Hispanic market, which accounts for more than 15 percent of the US
population.

"The big story is that there's a huge population of viewers that are being
served by this network," said Shari Anne Brill, director of programming for
media-buying firm Carat.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 21, 2008 Friday

HAPPY HUNTING

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 133 words


RACHEL Marsden is job hunting. The conservative pundit, a brunette version of
Ann Coulter, responded to a job listing on mediabistro.com and sent her résumé
to Maxim to be a senior publicist there, sources say. A spokeswoman for the mag
wouldn't comment, but it seems unlikely she'll get the job. Last May, when
Marsden, 33, was a contributor on the Fox News Channel show "Red Eye," security
escorted her from News Corp.'s Midtown headquarters for acting crazy. She never
returned. Marsden was in the news again earlier this month when her boyfriend,
Wikipedia founder James Wales, dumped her and she put his T-shirt and sweater up
for sale on eBay. Before she moved to New York from Canada, she accused a
university swim coach of sexual harassment and then harassed a Vancouver radio
personality.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 21, 2008 Friday

NEWS CORP. MULLS ALLIANCE WITH NEWSDAY

BYLINE: KEITH J. KELLY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 315 words


News Corp. is in talks with Sam Zell to explore a possible strategic alliance
with Newsday, sources close to the situation said.

Zell, the Chicago real estate magnate who took over Tribune Company in an $8.2
billion deal late last year, acknowledged yesterday he has begun a "strategic
review" of Tribune assets, but declined to comment beyond that.

Neither News Corp., which owns The Post, nor Tribune Co. would comment on
reports that News Corp. is making an outright bid for Newsday, which was first
reported on the Crain's New York Business Web site late yesterday afternoon.

Tribune yesterday reported a fourth-quarter loss of $78.8 million compared with
net profit of $239.1 million a year earlier when it was still a publicly traded
company.

Zell, who completed his acquisition of the chain - which includes the Chicago
Tribune, the Los Angeles Times, and the Baltimore Sun, as well as Newsday - late
last year, said last week he would consider selling some of the papers.

"Our goal when we started this adventure was to keep all the assets together,"
Zell said.

"We also started with the assumption that print would be down two or three
percent this year, not 18 percent."

Yesterday, in his earnings statement, he said, "We have begun a strategic review
of certain Tribune assets to determine whether capital can be more effectively
re-deployed into our core operations or toward reducing our outstanding
leverage."

Newsday has seen its circulation and advertising erode in recent years.

But the paper has remained one of Long Island's key media assets and it has
continued to turn a profit.

News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch has eyed Newsday before.

When the Tribune Company was on the block last year, he reportedly made
overtures about combining the papers through a joint operating agreement, but
Tribune Company was not interested in busting up the company.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 4, 2008 Tuesday

REGAN SUED BY LAWYERS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 172 words


DETHRONED publishing queen Judith Regan is stiffing her ex-lawyers, according to
a suit filed in Manhattan yesterday. Lawyers from Dreier LLP say Regan hired
them a year ago to handle her wrongful dismissal case against her former
employer, News Corp., which was recently settled without admission of liability
by either side. Regan, who had an imprint at HarperCollins, promised Dreier and
another firm a split of any settlement. Instead, the suit claims, Regan axed
both firms after they worked 1,200 hours, paid them just $125,000 and brought in
another lawyer, Bert Fields. The settlement amount was not revealed, but the
firms ripped Regan's "calculated effort to avoid paying the agreed upon fee."
Fields is named as a co-defendant because he allegedly "interfered" with Dreier
getting its cut. Fields called the suit "utter hogwash. Unless they dismiss that
complaint, I'm going to sue them for malicious prosecution. I had nothing to do
with them getting fired or with not getting them paid." News Corp. also owns The
Post.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 14, 2008 Thursday

TALKING POINTS - YAHOO!, NEWS CORP. EYE WEB ASSET LINK-UP

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA and ZACHERY KOUWE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 514 words


The talks between Yahoo! and News Corp. are real - the chances of a deal,
however, are remote.

Sources familiar with the situation confirmed that Yahoo! and News Corp. have
been in exploratory discussions over the last few days about merging Fox
Interactive Media, which includes MySpace, with Yahoo! in return for an equity
stake in the combined company.

News Corp., which owns The Post, discussed the possibility of merging MySpace
with Yahoo! last year, but then-CEO Terry Semel balked at News Corp. Chairman
Rupert Murdoch's request for a one-third stake in the combined company, sources
said.

While the most recent talks give the impression that Yahoo! has an alternative
to Microsoft's unsolicited offer, sources said the deal being discussed is not a
viable option for Yahoo! investors.

That's because Yahoo!'s long-suffering shareholders are expecting a premium to
the company's share price, something a combination with News Corp. would fail to
deliver even if a cash infusion was part of the deal.

By contrast, Microsoft's original offer represented a 62 percent premium to
Yahoo!'s stock price.

Moreover, sources said Yahoo!'s shareholders and management, who have valiantly
and vigorously tried to remain independent, would be hesitant to effectively
turn over control of the company to News Corp.

From News Corp.'s perspective, monetizing MySpace by merging it into Yahoo!
would create the largest destination on the Web in terms of traffic worldwide,
thereby giving it unmatched clout with advertisers.

Therein lies another problem with the deal, however.

While reports have said MySpace would be valued around $10 billion in a deal,
two sources close to the talks said News Corp. wants a valuation in excess of
the $15 billion ascribed to its social networking rival Facebook.

Wall Street analysts said a tie-up between News Corp. and Yahoo! would likely
hurt shareholders of both companies and probably do nothing to help the
struggling Web company compete with Google.

In order for the deal to be higher on a valuation basis than the current
Microsoft offer, Yahoo! would have to outsource its search functions to Google,
which is unlikely to pass anti-trust regulators.

"We do not believe that News Corp. would augment the value of its Internet
properties by merging its assets into Yahoo!" said Cowen and Co. analyst Jim
Friedland.

"We believe News Corp. would be ill-served by trading one of its most valuable
growth assets for a non-controlling stake in a struggling company."

Sources close to Microsoft believe a News Corp. deal has little chance of
topping the bid they already have on the table and CEO Steve Ballmer is standing
pat on his $31 per share price for Yahoo!

A News Corp. spokeswoman declined comment for this story.

---

Gate(s) crasher

Early talks between News Corp. and Yahoo! center on the Fox Web properties
merging with the Internet search company.

Yahoo! Web properties

* Broadcast.com

* Flickr

* del.icio.us

* Hotjobs

News Corp. Web properties

* MySpace.com

* Hulu investment

* Photobucket

* AmericanIdol.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            February 5, 2008 Tuesday

NEWS CORP. QTR. PROFITS RISE 24%

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 276 words


Fresh from scoring the title for having the most-watched Super Bowl ever, News
Corp. yesterday reported a record 24 percent jump in quarterly operating profit
due to strong growth across nearly its entire global media platform.

Fox Broadcasting more than doubled its operating income to $245 million in the
second fiscal quarter.

Fox will also likely see a boost next quarter from hit shows "American Idol" and
"The Moment of Truth," and from Sunday's Super Bowl, which drew its largest game
audience ever and the second-largest TV audience since the final episode of
"M*A*S*H."

Cable television, led by Fox News Channel and Regional Sports Networks, posted a
23 percent jump in operating profit to $337 million, helping offset startup
costs of Fox Business Network.

Total consolidated operating income for the three months ended Dec. 31 jumped 24
percent to $1.418 billion from $1.144 billion. For the six-month period,
operating income also jumped nearly 24 percent to $2.465 billion from $1.995
billion.

"We are obviously proud of the results we delivered during the second quarter,
the highest operating income quarter in our history," said Rupert Murdoch,
Chairman and CEO of News Corp., which also owns The Post.

"But most important is the balanced nature of our earnings momentum with
double-digit growth at nearly every operating segment."

The only losing segment in the three months was the company's largest revenue
producer, filmed entertainment, where operating income dropped to $403 million
from a record $470 million the prior year.

For six months, filmed entertainment rose 8 percent to $765 million from $709
million a year earlier.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 28, 2007 Friday

BHUTTO'S BOOK PRIMED - HARPERCOLLINS RUSHES MANUSCRIPT INTO PRINT

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 1020 words


BOOK publisher HarperCollins, which just received the manuscript for Benazir
Bhutto's upcoming book, is now moving quickly to get it on the shelves by
February following yesterday's assassination of the former Pakistani prime
minister.

The book, entitled "Reconciliation: Islam, Democracy and the West," was part
political treatise and part memoir of the first woman elected prime minister of
a Muslim nation.

HarperCollins, which like The Post, is owned by News Corp., signed up the book
for an advance estimated to be around $75,000 shortly before she returned to
Pakistan in October after years of living in exile.

Mark Siegel had worked with Bhutto as a collaborating writer.

"We have a finished manuscript," said HarperCollins CEO Jane Friedman, who
learned about Bhutto's murder from an e-mail alert.

When HarperCollins Executive Editor Tim Duggan sealed the deal with Bhutto, he
said prophetically, "Pakistan is an increasingly volatile place, and Bhutto's
book is an eye-opening look at the mistakes we've made in the region and what we
can do to correct them - as well as what the consequences will be if we don't."

FEWER MAGS

Magazine launches in 2007 skidded to an estimated 650 titles, the lowest tally
for launches in 16 years.

Samir Husni, a University of Mississippi professor who keeps tabs on the
launches and has been dubbed "Mr. Magazine," said that the last time there were
fewer launches was in 1991, when only 553 new magazines were introduced.

Though an early 1990s advertising recession was the culprit in 1991, many
observers are blaming the dearth of mag launches this time on the incursions
made by the Internet.

However, Husni sees a different culprit.

"I don't blame the Internet," said Husni. Instead, he said there are simply too
many titles competing for attention on newsstands today.

"In 1980, we had 2,000 titles on newsstands," he said. "Now there are 7,200
titles on newsstands. I think the magazine industry is still alive and kicking."

Husni said that the number of launches was heading toward an even lower total
through the first nine months, but rallied in October when 96 new titles
appeared.

"The big publishers hit the brakes in the first half, but we saw a lot of small
specialized publications appearing in the second half," he said.

Publishers are being a lot more frugal in the their launch plans. Of the 650
titles, many are launching as one-offs, annuals or test issues.

"There were only 221 titles that announced they were going to be published four
or more times next year," he said.

Husni said the most popular categories for new launches this year are crafts,
home and home service, and sports.

NEW BOOKS

Two former chief editors from the magazine world have reinvented themselves as
successful novelists.

Emily Listfield, a former editor-in-chief of Fitness and features editor at
Self, is working on the follow-up to her novel "Waiting to Surface," which was
published in October by Simon & Schuster's Atria imprint and has just gone into
a second printing.

"They also bought the new book I'm working on, 'Best Intentions,' " she said.
"I'll deliver it in May for publication the following year." Her new book is
estimated to have scored a low six-figure advance.

"Waiting to Surface" is based on Listfield's real- life experience losing her
husband in 1999, when he disap peared while swim ming off the coast  of Florida.

Her husband's  body was never  found and the local  police refused to  issue a
death certif icate, figuring that  he had simply  dropped out of sight.
Eventually, he was declared dead when no sign of him ever turned up.

Listfield actually made a fairly good start as a young author before jumping
into the magazine world more than a decade ago.

Simon & Schuster is now in the process of reviving two past novels she wrote to
keep her name before her new fans. "Acts of Love" is slated to reappear in trade
paperback this March, followed next year by "The Last Good Night."

Meanwhile, former McCall's Editor-in-Chief Sally Koslow, who published her first
novel this year with the Putnam imprint of Penguin, has also scored big with a
new two-book deal from the Ballantine imprint of Random House.

She is estimated to have fetched a combined mid six-figure advance.

Koslow was editing McCall's when Gruner+Jahr abruptly handed the magazine over
to Rosie O'Donnell in an ill-fated move to reinvent the magazine as Rosie.

Although Koslow had already been booted upstairs and was out of the line of
fire, she watched much of the drama unfold and channeled a lot of it into her
first novel, "Little Pink Slips," which hit in June and is due out in paperback
next year.

Koslow has already finished her next novel, which has the working title "The
Late Lamented Molly Marx," which is about a family and complex marital
relationships. It's due on shelves in 2009.

UNREST

It's the home stretch for the three Gawker Media staffers.

Managing Editor Choire Sicha and writers Emily Gould and Josh Stein all quit on
the same day, essentially wiping out half the editorial staff at Nick Denton's
media-centric Web site.

The departures suggest some great rift or turmoil, but those leaving insisted
otherwise - and to prove that point they are actually staying on until 11:59
p.m. on New Year's Eve.

Sources say that Stein may continue on a freelance basis working the night
shift.

Sicha said he admits the joint departure looked suspicious from the outside,
but he insisted there  was no great clash  with Denton.

"We all just kind  of got 'done' at the  same time, ya  know?" Sicha said.  "I
think it was Emily  who said to me that,  for one thing, she  just didn't have
anything more to say on the topics she wrote about here.

Denton is expected to step in as Gawker's acting managing editor.

"I do tease Denton all the time  about how he'll hate it and be miserable three
weeks in - but secretly I think he's going to love every minute of it," said
Sicha.

As far as what Sicha has planned, he admitted that he had nothing lined up yet
other than a freelance assignment for The New York Observer - in New Hampshire.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NICK DENTON SALLY KOSLOW NICK DENTON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 28, 2007 Friday

TW TOPS IN MEDIA FLOPS - STOCK IS DOWN 23% FOR YEAR

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 571 words


NBC may broadcast "The Biggest Loser," but in terms of 2007 stock price
performance, Time Warner ran away with that title.

Of the big five entertainment conglomerates -  CBS, Disney, News Corp., Time
Warner and Viacom -  only Viacom managed to post a share price increase this
year, as uncertainty over the impact of digital delivery of content and a
weakened advertising environment due to a weak economy dampened investor
enthusiasm for the space. (NBC is part of General Electric and doesn't trade on
its own merits like the other companies.)

Time Warner took the largest broadside from jittery investors, with its stock
price shedding 23.46 percent of its value during the year. It closed yesterday
at $16.67.

While the company was hammered for everything from its perceived reluctance to
detail a succession plan -  which it finally announced in November -  to the
disappointing performance of AOL, it was the cable unit that caused the most
anxiety for investors.

According to Miller Tabak analyst David Joyce, investors are uncomfortable with
Time Warner Cable accounting for roughly 40 percent of the parent company's
$94.4 billion enterprise value at a time of increased competition from satellite
and telecom providers as well as intense pressure from the Federal
Communications Commission.

CBS didn't perform much better than Time Warner, with its stock closing trading
yesterday at $26.95, down 13.57 percent for the year.

Part of the blame for CBS' issues lay with Chairman Sumner Redstone's decision
to split the company off from Viacom two years ago.

Joyce said that CBS suffered from its businesses being highly advertising
focused and therefore not diversified enough to weather the year's economic
downturn.

"CBS is the one entertainment company most highly correlated with the economy,
and when that gets hurt like it did this year, the first thing it affects is
local advertising, which is the core of CBS' business," Joyce said.

Viacom, however, didn't suffer the same fate as CBS, because it is more
diversified.

The home of MTV, VH1 and other cable networks produces revenue not only from
advertising, but also from fees paid by cable operators to carry the channels,
and as such was the only entertainment outfit to post a stock price gain in
2007.

Viacom shares closed at $43.70 yesterday, for an annual gain of 6.56 percent.
Viacom had improved ratings at its cable networks and a turnaround at movie
studio Paramount Pictures.

Rounding out the big five are Disney and News Corp., where shares in both
companies ended the year below where they started. (News Corp. owns The Post.)

Disney shares closed at $32.43, off 4.09 percent for the year, while News Corp.
ended the day at $21.50, down 3.41 percent on the year.

The analyst said News Corp. was the most active portfolio manager in the sector,
buying things like Dow Jones while jettisoning television stations, its interest
in Gemstar and other assets.

If anything, Joyce said News Corp.'s balance sheet might be too strong. "They
are sitting on a pile of cash," he said.

Heading into 2008, Joyce said he expects entertainment stocks to continue to be
pressured until it becomes clear that the economy is coming out of its slowdown.

BAD STATIC

Time Warner's new chief Jeff Bewkes (left) - who takes over on Wednesday - has
his hands full in trying to restore investors' faith in the company.

Time Warner

Close  $16.67

- 23 cents

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Time Warner Center at Columbus Circle. (AP; Wireimage.com)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           December 18, 2007 Tuesday

CHEM BLAST AT NEWS CORP. HQ

BYLINE: Tom Liddy and Melissa Kronfeld

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 84 words


A flash fire caused by a chemical spill during a safety inspection erupted in
the News Corp. building in Midtown yesterday, injuring five people, including a
firefighter.

The 10:39 a.m. blast at 1211 Sixth Ave., home of The Post and Fox News, forced
the evacuation of 700 people.

City Department of Environmental Protection inspectors were on the 45th floor,
which houses heating and cooling systems, when a chemical spilled, mixed with
the residue of another and exploded, fire officials said.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 14, 2007 Friday

DOW DEAL: IT'S OFFICIAL! - SHAREHOLDERS' VOTE CLEARS $5.6B BUYOUT

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 440 words


Ending more than a century of ownership by the Bancroft family, shareholders of
Wall Street Journal publisher Dow Jones & Co. voted yesterday to sell the
company to News Corp. for $5.6 billion.

"Naturally, it's very exciting for us," News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch told
a throng of journalists gathered in the newsroom of the Journal yesterday as he
introduced a new management team.

"Maybe it's more a day of nervousness for a lot of you but I hope it's also a
day of excitement because it is a new day in the history of this company."

When News Corp., which also publishes The Post, made its takeover bid in the
spring, some Journal journalists and Bancroft family members expressed
reservations about selling because they worried about the editorial integrity of
the newspaper under the control of Murdoch.

To ease those concerns, Murdoch agreed to set up a special committee to
safeguard the Journal's independence.

As he spoke with reporters and editors at the Journal yesterday, he further
addressed those concerns.

"We do know and understand the tremendous values of Dow Jones and particularly,
of course, of The Wall Street Journal and the very high bar you have set
yourselves," Murdoch said. "If anything, you will find us trying to set a higher
bar."

Murdoch introduced veteran News Corp. exec Les Hinton, who he's picked as Dow
Jones' new CEO, and Robert Thomson, editor of News Corp.'s Times of London, who
will become the new publisher of the Journal, to the group.

He pledged to expand and develop the Journal and "where possible, to improve its
product."

Dow Jones, which also owns Dow Jones Newswires, Barron's and MarketWatch, said
its shareholders were in favor of the takeover by a margin of just over 60
percent.

The deal was all but guaranteed to go through after enough members of the
Bancroft family - which controls the company through special "supervoting"
shares - agreed in the summer to sell to News Corp. for $60 a share.

Nearly 78 percent of the "Class A," or common, shares voted for the deal at
yesterday's half-hour meeting at a downtown hotel, which was attended by
investors, members of the family, Dow Jones executives and several Journal
reporters.

But only about 54 percent of "Class B" shares were in favor. Most of those
"super-voting" shares are held by the Bancrofts and have 10 times the voting
power of common shares.

The $60-a-share offer from News Corp. represented a 67 percent premium to where
Dow Jones' shares were trading before news of the bid made headlines in early
May.

Dow Jones' stock price rose 1 cent to $59.98, while News Corp. closed at $21.44,
down 21 cents.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HELLO, THERE: News Corp. Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch addresses a
crowded Wall Street Journal newsroom yesterday and introduced a new management
team as the paper officially changed hands.  [AP]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           December 13, 2007 Thursday

NEWS CORP., DOW JONES VOTES IN

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 187 words


News Corp. is set to acquire Wall Street Journal publisher Dow Jones & Co., as
an early proxy tally shows shareholders representing a majority are in favor of
the deal.

More than 50 percent of shares outstanding in Dow Jones already have cast yes
votes ahead of today's shareholder meeting on the proposed $60-a-share takeover
by News Corp., a source said.

News Corp., which also owns The Post, is expected to close the deal shortly
after the morning meeting.

The deal was all but assured after the Bancroft family - which controls Dow
Jones through supervoting shares - agreed in the summer to sell to News Corp.
for $5 billion.

Representatives from News Corp. and Dow Jones had no comment.

News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch already is making his mark on Dow Jones and
the Journal, a newspaper he has long coveted.

Last week, Dow Jones CEO Rich Zannino said he would resign to make way for a new
management team installed by News Corp.

Zannino is being replaced by veteran News Corp. exec Les Hinton.

Robert Thomson, editor of News Corp.'s Times of London, will become publisher of
the Journal, replacing Gordon Crovitz.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          December 12, 2007 Wednesday

DUELING JOURNAL-ISTS - ELLISON, WOLFF PENNING BOOKS ON WSJ SALE

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 817 words


THE race is on.

A budding feud is developing between Vanity Fair columnist Michael Wolff and
Wall Street Journal reporter Sarah Ellison, both of whom now have book deals to
write about Rupert Murdoch and News Corp.'s takeover of Dow Jones.

Late last week, Ellison snagged what is believed to be a $400,000 deal from
Houghton Mifflin to write about the $5 billion acquisition of The Wall Street
Journal's parent company by News Corp., which also owns The Post.

Ellison is a reporter who moved from the media beat to cover the News Corp.-Dow
Jones deal full-time in July.

She told Media Ink that she is going to take a one-year leave of absence to
write the book starting at yearend. The book is expected to be on shelves
sometime in 2009.

Wolff, meanwhile, snagged close to $1 million to write about the same deal for
the Doubleday imprint of Random House. His book is expected to be out next fall.

But Wolff isn't taking kindly to a reporter from the WSJ jumping into the fray.

"The problem with someone from The Wall Street Journal writing a book is that
they are inevitably conflicted," said Wolff. "Either they're bitter that Murdoch
bought the place or they are trying to save their job."

George Hodgman, Ellison's editor at Houghton Mifflin, countered: "We have no
doubts about Sarah Ellison's ability to create a great narrative filled with
accurate, illuminating reporting."

New era

C.F. Payne, a Norman Rockwell-type artist who used to have replicas of his oil
paintings featured on the back cover of Reader's Digest, is out as part of the
sweeping redesign of the magazine.

In its place is an ad with a near naked - gasp! - woman.

Apparently, the magazine has sold all 12 back pages to soap brand Dove, which is
running ads of scantily clad women as part of its Campaign for Real Beauty.

The new back covers, which began showing up in readers' mailboxes last week, are
part of a broader effort to attract younger readers.

But the ads have some of the magazine's geriatric set seeing red.

At least 80 people have written in so far (real letters with postage stamps and
everything) to complain.

Eva Dillon, Reader's Digest president and group publisher, is so far unmoved by
the protest.

"Anytime you make a change some people won't like it."

Nails' mag

Lenny Dykstra, one of the stars of the 1986 World Champion New York Mets, is
entering the publishing industry with Players Club, a financial advice magazine
aimed at ballplayers.

Dykstra, who earned the nickname "Nails" for his hard-nosed playing style with
the Mets and later the Philadelphia Phillies, is a rarity in the sports world:
he made more money after his playing days ended than he did in the major
leagues.

But he said that is not true for most players and he hopes to do something about
it with his company that's also called Players Club.

The high-end magazine will be filled with lifestyle advice and hard-nosed career
and financial planning tips.

"The Players Club is about players helping players," said Dykstra. "There's $60
billion paid out to athletes every year in salaries and nobody has cracked the
market."

Dykstra hopes to steer players into annuity funds, which he said can pay out
hundreds of thousands of dollars a year in guaranteed income from money salted
away when players raked in the big bucks during their playing careers.

He said he has reached out to major insurance companies to offer incentives to
players' agents who steer business their way.

And Dykstra said he hopes to earn money back from insurance companies that would
pay Players Club for helping them tap this lucrative but impossible to reach
audience.

And since so many of the newly minted millionaires come from Latin America, the
new magazine will be in both English and Spanish.

He said he is going to invest about $2 million a year to pay Doubledown Media,
which already publishes Trader Monthly and Dealmaker magazines, to print the
magazine as part of its custom publishing operation. Players Club is expected to
be published six times a year.

Randall Lane, president and editorial director of Doubledown, will serve as
editor of Players Club at the launch. Circulation is expected to be around
20,000.

The first issue will hit in the first week of April to coincide with the opening
of the Major League Baseball season.

But don't try to subscribe if you're not raking in the big bucks in the majors.
The Players Club will only go to players in the 10 major league sports.

Mark's out

Deputy Editor Mark Coleman is burning a new path out of Life & Style.

Coleman, a British journalist who has worked under four editors at Life & Style
- is now bailing out of the struggling celebrity magazine and returning to
London to be the online showbiz editor of the Daily Mail.

---

X-rated

Core readers at Reader's Digest are aghast at the new sexy ads appearing on the
back cover.

2006 Back cover

2007 Back cover

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 7, 2007 Friday

ZANNINO DEPARTS FROM THE JOURNAL

BYLINE: KEITH J. KELLY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 211 words


Dow Jones & Co. CEO Richard Zannino said he was stepping down yesterday in
advance of the upcoming completion of News Corp.'s takeover of the company,
which publishes The Wall Street Journal.

"While this was my choice, I'm nonetheless saddened by it," said Zannino in a
memo to staffers yesterday.

He is going to be replaced by Les Hinton, a veteran News Corp. hand who was most
recently the executive chairman of News International in London, sources say.

Whereas Hinton began his career as a journalist, Zannino, 49, who came from a
financial background, was the first non-journalist to head Dow Jones in its
history.

Times of London Editor Robert Thomson is expected to take over as publisher of
the Journal from Gordon Crovitz.

Zannino had only taken over the top job at Dow Jones from Peter Kann in February
2006.

Zannino said he has been talking about an exit with News Corp. chairman Rupert
Murdoch for the past several months. (News Corp. also owns The Post.)

"Rupert and I have been discussing since September my moving on from the company
after the closing," said Zannino in the memo.

Separately, sources say Rupert's son James Murdoch, who is currently the CEO of
BSkyB, is going to be named Chief Executive, Europe and Asia, for News Corp.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RICHARD ZANNINO  Dow Jones & Co. CEO.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          November 28, 2007 Wednesday

DOW JONES' OTTAWAY TO GO

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 156 words


Wall Street Journal publisher Dow Jones & Co. is putting its community
newspapers on the auction block.

The move, announced yesterday, comes as Dow Jones is about a month away from
being acquired by News Corp., which publishes The Post.

News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch said in August that he would look to sell the
Ottaway community newspapers soon after he completes the $5 billion acquisition
of Dow Jones.

The deal's close is expected by the end of this year.

Murdoch said shedding the community papers would allow the company to
concentrate on bolstering Dow Jones' financial news businesses, which, in
addition to the Journal, include Baron's, MarketWatch and Dow Jones Newswires.

Dow Jones said yesterday that it wasn't guaranteeing that all of the Ottaway
papers would be sold.

The group publishes eight dailies and 15 weeklies, including the Times
Herald-Record in Middletown, NY, and the Cape Cod Times in Hyannis, Mass.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          November 14, 2007 Wednesday

FREE WSJ WEB SITE COULD INCREASE USERS

BYLINE: BRIAN GARRITY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 307 words


News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch said yesterday that the size of the audience
for The Wall Street Journal's Web site, wsj.com, could balloon to as much as 15
million users if it is turned into a free site.

The Journal currently charges users who are not subscribers to the print edition
$99 annually to access the site.

Under a plan users will be able to surf the site and view articles at no cost.
The goal is to have lost subscription revenue offset by online advertising.

"It's an excellent site, but we charge for it, which limits it to about a
million circulation," Murdoch said of the Journal's site at a shareholders
meeting. "We expect to make that free, and instead of having a million people,
having 10 or 15 million people from every corner of the earth keeping up to date
minute-by-minute with all business and economic news from around the world."

He added, "We think that, in turn, will attract very large sums -  or relatively
large sums, anyway -  of advertising revenues."

The move would put the Journal in much greater competition online with the New
York Times, which as of September claimed 13 million unique monthly visitors
according to Nielsen NetRatings. The Times in September backed away from its
two-year-old TimesSelect subscription service, which charged $50 a year for
access to articles from many of its columnists.

News Corp., which owns The Post, is expected to complete its $5 billion
acquisition of the Journal Dec. 13. Further details on converting the Journal
online into a free site are yet to be sketched out.

Murdoch said yesterday that the company is still studying its options. As he
noted last week in a quarterly earnings call with investors, "There are other
considerations: How will it affect things like Factiva, our archives business,
and also the newswires, which are very profitable."

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 10, 2007 Saturday

'TONIGHT' WRITE-OFF

BYLINE: Adam Buckman

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 97 words


"The Tonight Show's" nonwriting staff will be laid off at the end of next week -
the latest casualty of an industry-crippling strike that has no end in sight.

But the show could make a return as soon as Nov. 19 with guest hosts to replace
Jay Leno, who has refused to cross the picket line, sources said.

A similar fate awaits the nonwriting staff at "Late Night with Conan O'Brien."

All late-night talk shows have gone into reruns.

In Midtown, about 150 picketers carried signs and shouted slogans outside News
Corp.'s Sixth Avenue headquarters. News Corp. owns Fox and The Post.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 8, 2007 Thursday

NEWS CORP. REVENUE UP 19% IN QTR.

BYLINE: BRIAN GARRITY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 234 words


Strong box office receipts for "The Simpsons Movie" and "Live Free or Die Hard,"
and a jump in cable channel operating income helped News Corp. report a 23
percent increase in operating income to $1.05 billion.

Revenue rose 19 percent to $7.1 billion, while overall profit for the period
ended Sept. 30 fell 13 percent to $732 million from $843 million due primarily
to the absence of one-time gains booked a year ago.

News Corp., which is close to completing its acquisition of The Wall Street
Journal parent Dow Jones, publishes The Post.

On the strength of "The Simpsons" and "Die Hard" films, the filmed entertainment
division reported a 51 percent rise in operating income to $362 million.
Combined, the two movies grossed about $900 million in ticket sales.

The cable unit's operating income, meanwhile, grew 16 percent to $289 million
thanks to the strength of Fox News Channel, Fox's Regional Sports Networks and
the Fox International Channels. Their gains partially offset startup costs
associated with the launches of Fox Business Network and the Big Ten Network.

Television operating income fell $9 million to $183 million, as losses at
MyNetworkTV, launched in September 2006, dragged on results at the Fox
Broadcasting Company and STAR.

In the company's satellite division, Sky Italia showed improved operating income
of $48 million - a turnaround from a loss of $13 million a year ago.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 26, 2007 Friday

MYSPACE LOVE$ FACEBOOK VALUE

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 340 words


If Facebook is worth $15 billion, then MySpace is worth $65 billion.

That's the take of RBC Capital Markets analyst David Bank, who applied the $357
Microsoft ascribed to each of Facebook's 42 million registered users in
Wednesday's deal to its larger News Corp. rival's 185 million registered users.
(News Corp. also owns The Post.)

Bank put the eye-popping MySpace valuation in a research report yesterday as a
way to illustrate that Facebook's implied $15 billion market capitalization
isn't an accurate reflection of its actual worth.

Nor is MySpace's $65 billion hypothetical valuation.

"Facebook's true value isn't $15 billion," Bank said. "The deal with Microsoft
isn't the same as buying something for $15 billion."

Indeed, at $15 billion, Facebook, which only has $150 million in revenue, is
presumably worth more than 1,633 other publicly traded media companies
worldwide, including such notable ones as Cablevision, InterActiveCorp.,
Discovery Communications and Liberty Global.

And at $65 billion, MySpace would be responsible for all but $3 billion of News
Corp.'s entire market capitalization - which clearly isn't the case - and would
be larger than CBS and Viacom combined.

In reality, Bank said Wall Street currently assigns a roughly $5 billion
valuation to MySpace. He said that there aren't enough data points about
Facebook available to determine its true value.

But Bank did point out several reasons behind Facebook's lofty valuation.
Specifically, Bank said Facebook has greater growth potential than MySpace, if
only because the latter has been around longer and is therefore maturing
quicker. He added that Facebook is "the darling of a darling space [social
networking], which simply gives it a substantial premium."

Bank said there is a way for News Corp. to get a valuation for MySpace on par
with or in excess of the $15 billion that Facebook reeled in from Microsoft:
sell a minority stake in MySpace to a partner or the public - "especially if all
the hype surrounding Facebook continues," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 25, 2007 Thursday

PARTY FOXES

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 71 words


The first nine days of the Fox Business Network were enough to put its crew into
a party mood last night. News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch, Fox TV boss Roger
Ailes and a few hundred guests celebrated at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.

The guest list included Jack and Suzy Welch, Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner,
Harvey and Bob Weinstein, Bo Derek, Henry Kravis and his wife, Marie-Josee
Drouin, and Regis and Joy Philbin.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 23, 2007 Tuesday

VIDEO SCREEN GOES DARK FOR NBC-YOUTUBE CHANNEL

BYLINE: BRIAN GARRITY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 291 words


NBC has quietly pulled the plug on its year-old channel on YouTube.

The move comes as the network's parent company NBC Universal and News Corp.,
owner of The Post, gear up to launch their new online video joint venture,
Hulu.com, by the end of the month.

NBC sources said they are hoping the elimination of its promotional YouTube
channel will help push traffic to Hulu.

Under its alliance with YouTube, which was unveiled last June, NBC used its
official channel on the Google-owned viral video site to distribute clips from
"Saturday Night Live," "The Office" and "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno."

Hulu, while not exactly a YouTube clone, will fill a similar role for NBC moving
forward.

It will make available online clips and full episodes of NBC shows. However, its
focus won't be on user-generated clips.

Programming will be distributed through both hulu.com and a number of partner
sites, including Yahoo!, AOL, MSN, Comcast and MySpace.

Hulu doesn't have a deal with YouTube, but NBC isn't ruling out future
distribution opportunities with YouTube.

Even though NBC may not be officially distributing clips on the site anymore,
user-uploaded clips from NBC's most popular shows remain in wide distribution on
YouTube.

NBC's exit from YouTube promises to test the company's patience with
unauthorized clips from the network continuing to surface on the popular video
site.

NBC Universal last week endorsed new industry standards for blocking pirated
material on social networks, viral video sites and other online hubs that let
users upload Web content.

YouTube still has alliances in place with media companies such as CBS, Warner
Music Group, SonyBMG, Universal Music and Showtime, all of which share in the
advertising revenue.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Signing out: YouTube clips like "Saturday Night Live" 's "D--k in the
Box" (below) and "Lazy Sunday" (below right) are a thing of the past, as NBC and
News Corp. launch their joint venture, Hulu.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 16, 2007 Tuesday

WE HEAR . . .

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 81 words


THAT Paul McCartney will perform the British national anthem (in addition to the
U.S. anthem) in honor of former British Prime Minster Tony Blair Thursday at the
62nd Annual Al Smith Dinner at the Waldorf-Astoria. He'll join News Corp.
Chairman Rupert Murdoch, Gov. Eliot Spitzer, Mayor Bloomberg, Sen. Chuck Schumer
and Edward Cardinal Egan . . . THAT Queen Latifah is appearing at the Park
Avenue Armory Thursday for the Sloan-Kettering preview party for the Haughton
Art & Antique Fair.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 29, 2007 Saturday

MURDOCH RIPS MASSACRE

BYLINE: Carl Campanile

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 206 words


News Corp. chairman Rupert Murdoch yesterday condemned the slaughter of innocent
pro-democracy demonstrators in Myanmar.

At Bill Clinton's conference on global issues at the Sheraton in Midtown,
Murdoch - who owns The Post - was part of a panel that debated how countries
with multi-ethnic and multi-religious populations can get along.

The moderator, former president of Ireland Mary Robinson, asked the panelists
about the commemoration of the 60th anniversary of the U.N. charter on human
rights.

As the discussion ensued, Murdoch expressed surprise that the massacre in
Myanmar hadn't come up.

"We haven't mentioned the horror in Myanmar," Murdoch said. "Human rights are
just being steamrolled. What should be done?"

Robinson, the U.N. human-rights chief, said she had raised Myanmar at another
forum.

"There is talk enough," Murdoch said.

Murdoch made it a point to mention how the United States has been a beacon of
freedom.

"One should not forget what the United States has done in the last century in
saving Europe - first from fascism, and then from communism," he said.

Joining Murdoch on the panel were Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan, East
Timor President José Ramos-Horta and Croatian President Stjepan Mesic.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 25, 2007 Tuesday

MYSPACE SETS CELL USERS FREE

BYLINE: BRIAN GARRITY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 238 words


Mobile phone users can now access their MySpace pages on the go.

News Corp.'s Fox Interactive Media is launching a free, ad-supported version of
its popular social networking site, specifically designed for viewing on
cellphones.

The move is part of a larger advertising-supported mobile push by Fox that also
includes new mobile phone Web sites for IGN, FoxSports.com, AskMen and
RottenTomatoes.com.

Up to now MySpace has been accessible only as a paid subscription service
through AT&T, Helio, and T-Mobile. AT&T bills users $3 per month, while Helio
builds the cost into its service.

The new strategy expands the mobile availability of MySpace and other Fox
Interactive Media properties to any cellphone user with mobile Internet access
at no additional charge, while giving Fox an opportunity to generate greater
mobile revenues.

Users have shown limited willingness to pay additional subscription fees for
access to music, video and other Web content, driving greater media
experimentation with mobile ad models.

Fox officials stress that they are remain committed to offering a mix of
ad-supported and subscription-driven mobile experiences with the likes of
MySpace and FoxSports.

The pay version of mobile MySpace allows users to upload pictures from their
phones and features enhanced navigation capabilities. The ad-supported version
limits users to sending messages, and updating blogs.

News Corp. owns The Post.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 19, 2007 Wednesday

MURDOCH MULLING A FREE WSJ.COM

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 315 words


News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch yesterday gave the clearest indication yet
that The Wall Street Journal's long-standing paid Web site will be remade into a
free site under his ownership, saying that Internet advertising dollars would
more than offset a loss of subscription revenue.

Murdoch estimated that the switch would result in an initial loss of about $30
million in subscriber fees, but he added that "we'd get much more than that back
in ad dollars."

Murdoch's comments came during a wide-ranging discussion of News Corp.'s $5
billion purchase of Dow Jones at the Goldman Sachs' Communacopia Conference in
Midtown. And while he said that his mind wasn't yet made up, he did concede,
"That [the free site] looks like the way we are going."

Murdoch, whose News Corp. owns The Post, estimated that remaking wsj.com into a
free site would increase traffic to between 10 million and 15 million daily
users from its current base of 1 million paying subscribers.

Murdoch's comments came as Dow Jones yesterday said that wsj.com increased page
views by 22 percent and unique visitors by 31 percent year-over-year, though the
company did not provide precise figures for each metric.

Meanwhile, Murdoch said that News Corp. has already identified $100 million in
initial cost savings it could wring out of its Dow Jones purchase.

Murdoch also provided clues as to how he plans to leverage The Wall Street
Journal's brand and resources on the new Fox Business Network without
encroaching on the paper's relationship with CNBC.

The CNBC deal "only applies to business news with regular appearance from
Journal reporters. There is no reason we can't use [the Journal brand and
content] for travel, leisure, international affairs," Murdoch said.

He said that FBN will be about "Main Street," meaning more consumer focused,
while CNBC is about "Wall Street," or for finance professionals.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 14, 2007 Friday

SCRIBE'S DOW BOW-OUT - INGRASSIA PULLS PROPOSAL ON NEWS CORP. DEAL

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 892 words


NEW York Times Business Editor Larry Ingrassia has told people that he is no
longer pursuing a deal to write about the $5 billion takeover of Dow Jones by
Rupert Murdoch's News Corp., which owns The Post

The book deal, originally to be written by both Ingrassia and Times columnist
Joe Nocera, had been in trouble almost from the start, and stoked resentment
among the Times' rank-and-file, who felt Ingrassia might be swiping story
sources from the reporters covering the merger.

"It wasn't a question of jealousy [about a possible book deal], it was a
question of propriety," said one insider at the Times.

Ingrassia, for his part, maintained that he in fact was providing his reporters
with sources to cover the story, not stealing them.

According to sources, Ingrassia, a 20-year veteran of The Wall Street Journal
before he became the Times' business editor, had been obsessed by the deal. His
brother, Paul, also happens to be a longtime Dow Jones executive, though he
recently said he would leave the company in January.

However, eventually Nocera - who didn't cover the Dow Jones story regularly for
the Times but had written about the company during his days at Fortune - dropped
out of the book plan, leaving Ingrassia in the hunt by himself.

Ingrassia, when reached yesterday, would not confirm that the proposal had been
pulled. "You'll just have to go with what you heard," he said, declining further
comment.

Ingrassia and Nocera had obtained clearance from the Times' top editors before
they began shopping their proposal, according to a Times spokeswoman. But many
in the newsroom were left in the dark about the deal.

Their proposal went into the market after Doubleday had agreed to pay close to a
$1 million advance to Vanity Fair writer Michael Wolff to write about the deal
in a Murdoch biography. Wolff's proposal had become the subject of a heated
auction by a half-dozen publishers.

Both the Ingrassia/Nocera proposal and Wolff's book were represented by agent
Andrew Wylie.

Ad czar

Another shake-up has hit Time Inc. as CEO Ann Moore and the executive in charge
of the business magazines try to breathe new life into the category.

One week after pulling the plug on Business 2.0, Time Inc.'s 18-month-old
Business Information Group has been renamed the Fortune/Money Group.

"I am creating a new sales and marketing organization, which will be overseen by
one executive responsible for all print and digital advertising revenue," Vivek
Shah, the president of the Fortune/Money Group, told staffers yesterday.

As part of the shake-up, Michael Dukmejian and Michael Federle, group
co-publishers under the old arrangement, are both out, although Federle will
serve as a consultant until the end of the year.

Lisa Bentley, an associate publisher with 20-plus years experience, is also
exiting.

There was widespread dissatisfaction with the old arrangement, in which sales
were divided according to regions and no one had responsibility for a single
title.

Under the set-up, each title will now have its own publisher.

Hugh Wiley has been tapped to be the new publisher of Fortune; Brett Wilson is
the new publisher of Money and Alan Ives, who was at ABC running digital sales,
will be joining as CNNMoney.com's new senior vice president of sales.

WSJ walk

Two more people have defected from The Wall Street Journal.

Daniel Golden, the Boston bureau chief, is bailing out to join his former
colleague Joanne Lipman at Condé Nast's Portfolio. He will remain based in
Boston and will oversee investigations for the magazine.

He's the second staffer from the Journal who Lipman has hired in a week.
Earlier, Hilary Stout, editor of the Personal Journal section, also said she was
leaving to join Portfolio.

Further up the masthead at the Journal, Assistant Managing Editor Tunku
Varadarajan said he was quitting with the hope of returning to academia -
although he has no job lined up yet.

Meanwhile, union organizers are hoping to hammer out an agreement with the
Journal before the takeover by News Corp. is finalized.

The company last week made what it said was its best and final offer and gave
the union, the Independent Association of Publishing Employees until Oct. 15 to
vote on it.

Sex for one

New York Press is trying to clean up its act as its parent company gets ready to
march into the borough of steeples and saloons.

Manhattan Media, which on Aug. 1 took ownership of the free weekly newspaper, is
launching a glossy parenthood title next week called New York Family Brooklyn
and later this fall plans to introduce New York Press Brooklyn.

At the same time, the Press' new owner has stopped accepting porn and escort ads
and has booted sex-advice columnist Dr. Dot.

"We're not making a value judgment about her," said Tom Allon, CEO of Manhattan
Media, which also owns the upscale Avenue and New York Family in Manhattan.
"We'll still have a sex columnist, Stephanie Sellars, who does 'Lust Life.' We
just thought that two was a redundancy."

Allon said he probably kissed off $1 million in ad revenue by cutting out the
sex-related ads, but hopes more upscale advertising will replace it.

"We kicked out the explicit ads, the unlicensed massage parlors and ads that are
clearly prostitution ads," said Allon. "It was a pretty big hit revenue-wise,
but it was something we felt we had to do."

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Biz bucks: Time Inc. head Ann Moore is looking for an ad czar to boost
business at Fortune, Money and CNNMoney.com. [WireImage.com]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 13, 2007 Thursday

FOX BUSINESS NETWORK NAMES ANCHORS

BYLINE: Post staff

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 130 words


News Corp.'s Fox Business Network yesterday named five Fox News Channel
reporters as anchors of the new business channel scheduled to begin broadcasting
next month.

They include David Asman, Cheryl Casone, Rebecca Gomez, Dagen McDowell and
Stuart Varney.

Asman is host of "Forbes on Fox" on Fox News, while Varney is a contributor and
substitute host with "Your World with Neil Cavuto," which also airs on Fox News.
Casone, Gomez and McDowell are all business correspondents for Fox News.

All five reporters will retain their roles on Fox News.

Fox Business Network is expected to launch Oct. 15, and already has pacts with
cable operators that make the channel available in 30 million homes.

Fox Business Network and Fox News Channel, like The Post, are owned by News
Corp.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            September 7, 2007 Friday

HULLABALOO OVER HULU

BYLINE: Brian Garrity

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 159 words


Hulu is in deep doo-doo with Lulu.

Hulu.com, NBC Universal and News Corp.'s soon-to-launch video Web site, has been
slapped with a trademark infringement lawsuit by Lulu Enterprises for picking a
name too similar to its own.

Lulu, which controls the Web sites lulu.com and lulu.tv and specializes in
digital self-publishing services for budding filmmakers, musicians and authors,
claims in a suit filed in federal court in Raleigh, N.C., that NBC and News
Corp.'s decision to name their service Hulu represents an intentional attempt to
create confusion in the marketplace and an encroachment on its business.

NBC and News Corp. announced the name Hulu a little over a week ago after
running the joint venture for the first five months of its life under the
working title of "NewCo." News Corp. also owns The Post.

The compliant also alleges unfair and deceptive trade practices as well as
federal cyberpiracy. Hulu reps declined to comment.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             August 31, 2007 Friday

TROUBLE TIMES TWO - AUTHORS SPLIT IN SNIT ON NEWS CORP.-DOW JONES BOOK

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 1016 words


TWO journalists from The New York Times are peddling a book proposal about the
takeover of Dow Jones by Rupert Murdoch's News Corp., but the proposal appears
to be in deep trouble and may never see daylight.

The book project was originally put together by star business columnist Joseph
Nocera and his boss, Times Business Editor Larry Ingrassia.

As of yesterday, however, Nocera had already bailed out of the project and the
entire idea could be dead in the water when book publishers return next week
from their vacations in the Hamptons. Publishers had already been cool toward
the idea and advance money that was being talked about was believed to be in the
low six-figure range.

When Nocera was reached yesterday and asked if he was working on a book deal
with Ingrassia, he replied, "Not anymore."

And when asked what led Nocera to end his participation in the project, he said,
"None of your business."

However, sources said the deal wasn't generating enough of an advance to make it
worth the duo's while to split it two ways. And it may not even be worth it for
one author.

That the proposal could be falling apart is an embarrassing setback especially
since it comes just weeks after Vanity Fair scribe Michael Wolff snared an
advance estimated to be close to $1 million to write about Murdoch and the deal
in a book that is being fast-tracked by Doubleday to come out late next year.
(News Corp. owns The Post.)

Word of the Times duo's book plan has also triggered resentment inside the Times
newsroom as well.

"It is fraught with conflicts of interest," said one insider. "Larry was
supervising coverage of the deal and he never told the newsroom he was working
on a book. Presumably, he knew who all their confidential sources were."

It also posed another problem in the eyes of the insider, because Ingrassia was
contemplating a joint business deal for the book with someone who reports
directly to him in his day job.

In another potential conflict, Ingrassia's brother Paul is an executive at Dow
Jones who at one time was considered a candidate to succeed Paul Steiger in the
top editorial job at The Wall Street Journal.

The job went instead to Marcus Brauchli and Paul Ingrassia earlier this month
announced plans to leave the company after the first of the year.

In another oddity, the book proposal was being represented by Andrew Wylie, the
same agent who earlier had represented Wolff in his deal with Doubleday.

That proposal had been the subject of a heated auction among a half-dozen
publishers, in part because Murdoch was said to have agreed to cooperate with
the author.

D-day

Today is D-day for Business 2.0.

Sources say that Joe Mansueto, the chairman of investment research company
Morningstar who also owns magazines Fast Company and Inc., has emerged as the
top bidder for the tech-oriented business magazine and is now the only party
negotiating with Business 2.0 publisher Time Inc.

Nothing is finalized, however, and the talks may still break down.

Said one knowledgeable source, "Time Inc. could still walk away and close it
[down]."

It is not clear exactly what Mansueto would do with the magazine, although the
deal would include a subscriber list of nearly 600,000 names, the brand and Web
properties. It is also not clear what would happen to longtime editor Josh
Quittner and his San Francisco-based staff.

Fortune Managing Editor Andy Serwer is said to be interested in poaching some of
Business 2.0's staffers as he girds for battle with Joanne Lipman's Portfolio
magazine.

Regardless of the outcome of the negotiations with Mansueto, it now appears that
the October issue of Business 2.0 will be the last one published under the Time
Inc. name.

The magazine, which began publishing in 1998, had reached break-even in 2005 but
started to slide into the red after that.

The name Business 2.0 was obtained from Future Networks USA in 2001 and was used
to rename a Time Inc. magazine originally called eCompany Now. All told, the
magazine has probably cost Time Inc. more than $110 million over its life span.

Time Inc. originally said that if it ever sold the title, it would be to a
publisher that was willing to keep it alive, but at the same time would not turn
the magazine into a competitor to Fortune, which has experienced double-digit
ad-page declines in the first half of 2007.

Officials at Mansueto Ventures and Time Inc. declined to comment.

Once again

After a series of setbacks, Source Enterprises, the entity behind hip-hop
magazine The Source, will try again to emerge from Chapter 11 bankruptcy
protection.

In a move that has to be considered a bit unusual, Judge Arthur Gonzalez in late
July rejected a settlement plan put forward by the debtor in possession, Black
Enterprise/Greenwich Street Growth Partners, because he felt it did not contain
"adequate information."

It was the third such plan to be rejected by the courts.

BE/GS now has come up with a fourth plan, which currently is being circulated
among creditors, and is scheduled to be discussed in court on Sept. 27.

Under the terms of the new proposal, Textron, a creditor that was owed $18
million, would get $200,000 in cash, a note for $3.5 million payable over five
years and a 15 percent ownership stake in the company.

Also, in one significant development, BE/GS has changed its mind about the value
of The Source name, saying it's now worth between $100,000 and $1 million.
Earlier estimates pegged its value at zero.

BE/GS is the investment arm partially funded by the family of Earl Graves Sr.,
who founded Black Enterprise magazine and has taken over operations at The
Source.

Earl Graves Jr. now sits on the board of The Source, which counts Jeffrey Scott
as chairman and Jeremy Miller as CEO.

BE/GS had pumped $12 million into the company in exchange for a minority stake
when it was still run by founder David Mays and Raymond "Benzino" Scott, who is
of no relation to Jeffrey Scott, the current chairman. But BE/GS seized control
of the board after the original owners defaulted on loans and payments to dozens
of vendors.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: In the hunt: Joe Mansueto, who already owns magazines Fast Company and
Inc., has emerged as the top bidder for Time Inc.'s Business 2.0. [AP]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 30, 2007 Thursday

NEWS CORP. & NBC CALL VIDEO BIZ HULU

BYLINE: HOLLY M. SANDERS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 201 words


After five months of waiting, media giants NBC Universal and News Corp.
announced the name of their much anticipated foray into online video: Hulu.

"Huh?" you might ask.

"Objectively, Hulu is short, easy to spell, easy to pronounce, and rhymes with
itself," CEO Jason Kilar wrote on the Hulu Web site.

"Subjectively, Hulu strikes us as an inherently fun name, one that captures the
spirit of the service we're building."

Before Hulu, the video service was simply called "NewCo."

Strange name aside, Hulu.com will make available online movies and full episodes
of TV shows from NBC and News Corp.'s Fox, including "24", "30 Rock" and
"Heroes."

News Corp. owns The Post, the Fox TV network and the 20th Century Fox film
studio.

Hulu will also distribute programming through its partner sites: Yahoo!, AOL,
MSN, Comcast and MySpace.

The soon-to-be-launched venture is expected to generate revenue from advertising
and paid downloads.

Hulu has been called a rival to YouTube, the popular video-sharing site owned by
Google, although it focuses on professionally produced content as opposed to
amateur videos.

Hulu also said that a "beta," or test version, of its service will be rolled out
in October.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             August 19, 2007 Sunday

THE WEEK'S WINNERS & LOSERS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 114 words


Winners:

WARREN BUFFETT

Reveals Berkshire Hathaway purchased 2.8 million shares of Dow Jones prior to
its takeover deal with News Corp.

DON IMUS

Puts Rutgers debacle behind him and collects $20M settlement. Starts plotting
his return.

JOHN MACKEY

Whole Foods CEO is happy after judge rules that Wild Oats purchase can proceed.

Losers:

HENRY KRAVIS

Fund loses $40M unloading almost half of its portfolio of mortgage loans, sees
stock tumble 39 percent.

JOHN RIGAS

Former head of Adelphia Communications, convicted of one of the biggest
corporate frauds in U.S. history, heads to the slammer.

CHRIS MATTHEWS

For his smarmy treatment of CNBC's Erin Burnett on his "Hard Ball" show.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: - HENRY KRAVIS - WARREN BUFFETT - HENRY KRAVIS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 9, 2007 Thursday

NEWS CORP. OUTLINES PLAN FOR DOW JONES

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 371 words


News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch yesterday outlined in broad strokes his
strategy for The Wall Street Journal publisher Dow Jones, calling the company
arguably the world's most prestigious and powerful brand in financial services.

While Murdoch said it was premature to provide specific plans, he did say during
a conference call to discuss fiscal-year results that News Corp. is set to
aggressively exploit the Dow Jones' digital opportunities and leverage the brand
to enhance the Fox Business Network, which launches in October.

Murdoch said there are huge opportunities "to pair the electronic assets of Dow
Jones with the digital assets of News Corp," which are already strong
performers. News Corp.'s digital unit Fox Interactive media posted its first
full-year profit in fiscal 2007, and revenue at social-networking site MySpace
could be more than $800 million in 2008.

Murdoch said execs were currently debating the future of the Journal's
subscription-based Web site. "It's expensive in the short term, but in the long
term it could be a wonderful thing to do," Murdoch said of making WSJ.com a free
site.

He conceded that Dow Jones' contract with CNBC, which ends in 2012, is an
obstacle, but said the company can leverage Dow Jones to add credibility to the
new network and accelerate its cable and satellite carriage. He added Fox
Business Network would surpass CNBC's $4 billion valuation "in short order."

Murdoch said the deal should close by the year end and that News Corp., which
also owns The Post, would look to sell the Ottaway regional newspaper unit
fairly quickly.

Murdoch also said the media's harsh coverage of him during negotiations with the
Bancroft family, which controls Dow Jones, almost squashed the deal.

"I spent the better part of the past three months enduring criticism normally
leveled at a genocidal tyrant," Murdoch said. "If I didn't think [Dow Jones] was
such a perfect fit - with such unlimited potential to grow on its own and in
tandem with News Corp.'s assets - believe me, I would have walked away."

The company reported a profit of $3.4 billion for the 12 months ended June 30,
up from $2.3 billion a year ago. Revenue advanced 13 percent to nearly $28.7
billion.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             August 6, 2007 Monday

SIGHTINGS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 25 words


STAN Shuman of Allen & Co. getting congratulated on News Corp.'s acquisition of
Dow Jones as he lunched at Michael's with Crown Media boss Henry Schleiff.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 4, 2007 Saturday

EDWARDS REFUSES TO RETURN HIS RUPEES

BYLINE: CHARLES HURT Bureau Chief

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 512 words


WASHINGTON -  John Edwards yesterday refused to return $800,000 he was paid for
a book published by a News Corp. subsidiary -  despite his calls for other
Democrats to give back campaign contributions from Rupert Murdoch.

"Uh, I can't return it," the multimillionaire former trial lawyer said on CNN,
adding that he had already given the money to charity -  but not mentioning the
tax benefits he would have reaped.

Edwards dismissed the question of whether he should dig into his own deep
pockets to give back the cash so his demands -  that other 2008 Democrats give
back Murdoch money and boycott Fox News, which he accuses of tilting to the
right -  wouldn't appear hypocritical.

"Of course not," huffed Edwards, who is badly trailing Hillary Clinton and
Barack Obama in national presidential polls. "That's absurd."

Earlier this week, the Edwards campaign bragged in an e-mail to supporters:
"John Edwards will never ask Rupert Murdoch for money -  he won't accept his
money."

After news spread of Edward's windfall, News Corp. spokesman Brian Lewis said,
"We assume the senator is going to give back the money from his advance."

Bloggers, meanwhile, threw the book at him yesterday, searing him as a
hypocritical fraud.

"We need a new, more extreme version of the word hypocrite for Edwards," wrote
blogger Roger Simon, noting Edwards' penchant for $400 haircuts and the
28,000-square-foot mansion the former senator built for himself while running a
class-warfare campaign.

"People like Edwards are more than just fakes -  they are actually dangerous,"
Simon added. "Everything is about Edwards and his glory. It's not about anything
else."

The firestorm came in the wake of yesterday's report in The Post that Edwards
collected a $500,000 advance and $300,000 in expenses for a 2006 coffee-table
book titled "Home," which was published by HarperCollins.

HarperCollins, like The Post, is a subsidiary of News Corp.

The Edwards campaign has refused to answer questions from The Post seeking
information about how all of the advance and expense money was spent.

The book was "edited" by Edwards with his daughter, Cate, and Jonathan Prince,
an aide. The campaign also refused to answer questions about Edwards' work on
the book and whether his daughter and aide were paid.

Meanwhile, the Edwards campaign said he will not return the campaign donations
he collected through his networking page on MySpace.com, which is also owned by
News Corp.

Bloggers lit into John Edwards after The Post revealed his hypocritical book
deal.

'John Edwards was for taking Murdoch's money before he was against it. '

- Michelle Malkin

'People like Edwards are more than just fakes they are actually dangerous . . .
Everything

is about Edwards and his glory. It's not about anything else.'

-  Roger Simon

'The endless hypocrisy of the Silky Pony never ceases to amaze. '

-  JammieWearingFool

'This is the same John Edwards who won't go on Fox News, but before he decided
this

would resonate with primary voters, you couldn't keep the guy off of Fox News.'

- Joe Scarborough

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JOHN EDWARDS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             August 3, 2007 Friday

EDWARDS IN A BIZ HATE & $WITCH

BYLINE: CHARLES HURT Bureau Chief

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 320 words


WASHINGTON -  John Edwards, who yesterday demanded Democratic candidates return
any campaign donations from Rupert Murdoch and News Corp., himself earned at
least $800,000 for a book published by one of the media mogul's companies.

The Edwards campaign said the multimillionaire trial lawyer would not return the
hefty payout from Murdoch for the book titled "Home: The Blueprints of Our
Lives."

The campaign didn't respond to a question from The Post about whether it was
hypocritical for Edwards to take money from News Corp. while calling for other
candidates not to.

In addition to a $500,000 advance from HarperCollins, which is owned by News
Corp., Edwards also was cut a check for $300,000 for expenses.

Edwards claimed $333,334 in royalties from last year's release of the book,
according to media accounts. The campaign said last night that those funds were
part of the advance.

He says he gave that amount to charity, which would also provide tax benefits
for Edwards. "We're more than happy to give even more of Murdoch's money to
Habitat for Humanity and other good causes," spokesman Eric Schultz told The
Post yesterday.

He declined to show proof, however, that Edwards had donated the $500,000
advance or $300,000 expense checks to charity.

Meanwhile, Edwards yesterday attacked Hillary Rodham Clinton for taking more
than $20,000 in donations from News Corp. officials, arguing that the company's
Fox News Channel is tilted to the right. News Corp. also owns The New York Post.

Clinton declined to respond.

The Edwards campaign said it would return less than $1,000 in donations from
three Fox employees.

Languishing in the polls behind Clinton and Barack Obama, Edwards also has led
the Democratic field's boycott of a Fox co-sponsored presidential debate.

"The time has come for Democrats to stop pretending to be friends with the very
people who demonize the Democratic Party," Edwards said.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NEWS TO HIM: John Edwards blasts foes for taking News Corp. cash but
took $800,000 for his book, whose real title is "Home." (Bloomberg News)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 2, 2007 Thursday

PANEL OF PEERS SET IN $5.6B DJ DEAL

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 333 words


A noted panel - including Associated Press legend Lou Boccardi and ex-Chicago
Tribune Editor Jack Fuller - was named yesterday to oversee editorial integrity
at The Wall Street Journal, which is being acquired by News Corp.

The five-member committee will convene ahead of the closing of the sale of the
Journal's parent, Dow Jones & Co., valued at $5.6 billion including debt of
about $400 million.

If the merger pact that was signed two days ago by the boards of the two
companies falls apart, Dow Jones will be required to pay a $165 million break-up
fee to News Corp., according to regulatory filings. The deal is expected to
close in December, both companies said yesterday.

The Bancroft family, which controls 64 percent of the shareholders vote, will
get about $1.24 billion, or $60 a share, for their stakes.

The biggest winners among nonfamily insiders are the husband-wife team of Peter
Kann, the longtime editor of The Wall Street Journal, and former Journal
Publisher Karen Elliott House. They'll together collect $49 million for their
shares.

News Corp., the parent of The Post, also is offering an option that would allow
as many as 250 shareholders representing no more than 10 percent of the stock to
take their payment as Class B shares of a newly formed subsidiary of News Corp.
called Newco.

Those shares could be exchanged for News Corp. nonvoting shares, allowing
certain tax advantages.

The other panel members are Thomas Bray, a Detroit News columnist and opinion
writer at Dow Jones' OpinionJournal.com, former Rep. Jennifer Dunn of Washington
State and Nicholas Negroponte, co-founder of MIT's Media Lab.

Bray will serve as initial chairman and members will be able to nominate their
successors.

Meanwhile, Federal Communications Commission member Michael Copps said he had
concerns over whether combining the companies would reduce independent media
voices in New York City. In a statement, he called for a "careful factual and
legal analysis" of the transaction.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 1, 2007 Wednesday

DOW JONES' UNION IS WATCHING THE CLOCK

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 587 words


THE Independent ASsociation of Publishing Employees, the in-house union at Dow
Jones, was a big opponent of News Corp.'s $5 billion bid to acquire the
publisher of The Wall Street Journal.

The union talked with supermarket magnate Ron Burkle and others in an
unsuccessful attempt to get another offer on the table.

But now that the bid by News Corp., which owns The Post, has been approved,
union officials are returning their attention to contract talks in the hopes
that Dow Jones' management team will have a change of heart and wrap up what
were previously bitter and protracted negotiations before the ownership change.

IAPE's last contract with Dow Jones expired on March 31 and union members have
been working without a contract ever since.

"I'm hoping it will be done as soon as we can get a quality deal," said IAPE
President Steve Yount, who said the union was "disappointed" that enough members
of Dow Jones' controlling Bancroft family appeared to be voting in favor of News
Corp.'s offer.

"My hope is that he [News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch] would want it done
before and have some labor peace here for the next three years," Yount said.

Play ball

Sure, one of the largest media deals of the year was about to close, but the
folks at BusinessWeek had more important things on their minds Monday night.

They were busy toppling the High Times Bong-Hitters 8-3 en route to shattering
the bongers' league record of 30 consecutive wins in the Media Softball League
in Central Park.

The Bong Hitters, who've held the previous record of 29 games without a loss as
far back as the 2000 season, were the last team to beat the McGraw-Hill flagship
in the opening game of the 2006 season. BusinessWeek has been on a tear ever
since.

"BW is killing everyone this year and High Times is not as good as they were the
past few years," said Steve Bloom, former High Times coach and now the league
commissioner. "BusinessWeek had a bunch of lefties and that helps."

High Times this year is 5-4 overall.

Book coup

In the spirited bidding war for the memoir of Rolling Stones co-founder Keith
Richards, Little, Brown, an imprint now owned by Paris-based Hachette
Filipacchi, bested News Corp.'s publishing unit HarperCollins.

The winning bid is believed to be around $7.3 million. The deal was made in
conjunction with Hachette's U.K. subsidiary Weidenfeld & Nicholson and was for
world English rights only.

The book will be written with James Fox, who's known Richards for 30 years, and
the two should have plenty of time to jog Richards' sometimes hazy memories; the
book is due out in Autumn 2010.

Ed Victor, Richards' agent, did not return a call seeking comment.

Little, Brown Publisher Michael Pietsch did not return calls.

Vibe boss

Steve Aaron has been appointed the new CEO of Vibe Media, effectively ending the
involvement of Eric Gertler, the one-time CEO who was installed when new
investors took over last July and fired much of the Vibe editorial staff.

Gertler is the nephew of Daily News owner Mort Zuckerman and had at one time
worked for Uncle Mort's media properties before heading off on his own.

Aaron is a veteran of Hachette Filipacchi, where he was once publisher of
Premiere, and American Media. More recently, he was a group publisher at Future
Networks USA.

One of Aaron's first tasks was to shut down the print edition of Vibe Vixen last
week.

"We're trying to focus on our core properties," Aaron said.

Gertler had been spending on pushing a digital future for the company.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 1, 2007 Wednesday

DOW DEAL DONE - NEWS CORP. WINS APPROVAL FROM BANCROFT FAMILY

BYLINE: PAUL THARP and PETER LAURIA

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 614 words


The drama over The Wall Street Journal's future came to a historic close
yesterday when its family owners agreed to sell it and parent Dow Jones & Co. to
News Corp. for $5 billion.

The Dow Jones group, including Barron's and Dow Jones Newswires, will now be
folded into the global reach of News Corp., adding more international clout to
the Journal and the company's other brands.

Rupert Murdoch, chairman and CEO of News Corp., said, "I am deeply gratified at
the level of support we have received from the Bancroft family and its trustees.

"Given the Bancrofts' long and distinguished history as custodians of Dow Jones,
we appreciate how difficult this decision was for some family members. I want to
offer the Bancrofts my thanks, and an assurance that our company and my family
will be equally strong custodians.

"Dow Jones is a vibrant company and one of the world's greatest media
franchises, with a portfolio of brands that has no equal in financial
information and business journalism.

"In combination with News Corporation's assets, The Wall Street Journal and the
other Dow Jones operations will be even more formidable competitors as we
profitably extend their invaluable information across our print, broadcast and
digital platforms around the world," Murdoch said.

The deal ended days of cliffhanger balloting among the deeply divided Bancroft
family, which has control of 64 percent of the votes.

The decision drew cheers from Wall Street analysts and other public shareholders
who said Dow Jones desperately needed News Corp.'s capital and its international
multimedia platform to stay competitive in Europe, Asia and across the United
States.

The boards of Dow Jones and News Corp., parent company of The Post, held
separate meetings last night to formally sign their pact.

The deal won the backing of 37.3 percent of the family's voting power. A
last-minute swing of votes by family members in Denver holding a 9 percent block
helped secure the winning margin.

One crucial part of the deal was already unfolding even before the boards
completed their business - the formation of a brain trust to help ensure the
editorial independence of the Journal.

As many as a half-dozen names of prominent academics, business leaders, and
noted authorities in several fields had already surfaced among the parties, a
source said.

Both Dow Jones and News Corp. had agreed to nominate a pool of individuals to
serve on a five-member panel with oversight of editorial issues and senior
editors.

Despite Murdoch's assurances to protect the integrity of the company's core
asset and add value to it, many Bancroft family members resisted the offer.

The deal will enrich the family and their descendants by about $1.24 billion.

News Corp.'s cash or stock offer - although a clear majority has chosen cash -
provided the family with an opportunity "to cash out at the perfect time," said
one source.

One factor in winning swing votes of family members was that News Corp. had
agreed to pay Dow Jones some of the legal and advisory fees incurred by the
Bancrofts, which by some accounts could be about $30 million.

A source said News Corp.'s plan is to keep everything that makes sense - but
added the company has already received unsolicited calls from buyers interested
in different pieces of Dow Jones.

Meanwhile, Dow Jones director Leslie Hill, who led the family's opposition to
the deal, resigned from the board yesterday.

---

New News Corp.

Key Dow Jones assets

* The Wall Street Journal and two overseas editions

* Ottaway local newspapers

* Factiva news retrieval service

* Dow Jones Newswires

* Barron's

* WSJ.com

* Dow Jones Indexes

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PUBLISHING HISTORY: News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch puts finishing
touches on the historic deal in his New York office yesterday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 31, 2007 Tuesday

DOW(N) TO WIRE - ENOUGH BANCROFTS ALIGNED FOR NEWS CORP. SALE

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 543 words


News Corp. late last night appeared to be on the verge of capturing enough votes
from the family that controls the Dow Jones empire so it can formally proceed
with its $5 billion offer for the company.

According to today's Times of London, although a "significant number" of votes
had yet to be confirmed by lawyers overseeing the balloting, News Corp. was
"thought to be likely to be able" to win a sufficient level of support from the
controlling Bancroft family. Sources familiar with the process said margins
remained too thin to call, with just 28 percent of the family's shareholder vote
supporting the deal.

News Corp., whose board is scheduled to meet today to discuss its next move,
said earlier it was "highly unlikely" to go ahead with the deal if the level of
support among the Bancrofts remained at just 28 percent of the shareholder vote.

To win the shareholder vote, analysts say, News Corp. would need at least 30
percent of the family vote to combine with the 29 percent vote of public
shareholders, who overwhelmingly support the deal.

Meanwhile, shares of Dow Jones tumbled sharply yesterday as the Bancrofts missed
their own deadline for deciding whether to support the offer.

The rout cost each of the family members $1.74 million yesterday on their
shares. The uncertainty over the last two months has also taken its toll on
their shares wiping out a total $5.52 million apiece.

Although the Dow Jones board has repeatedly encouraged the family to approve the
offer, the outcome remained a cliffhanger late last night, following days of
debate and polling among the 36 adult family members and their advisers.

The family had said earlier that it would have results by 5 p.m. yesterday.

But the voting tallies remained so close and contentious that lawyers were said
to be bogged down in detailed documentation of balloting by the families and
trusts, whose members are spread across the U.S.

Results were expected to be disclosed today.

Legal experts say documentation would be vital in the event of any shareholder
litigation resulting from the publicized three-month acquisition effort by News
Corp., which also owns The Post.

Shares in Dow Jones skidded nearly 9 percent before recovering to close at
$51.56, off 5.6 percent, or $3.14, in busy trading among skittish investors who
decided to take their profits.

Separately, the Dow Jones board yesterday awarded the family members their
quarterly dividend, which amounted to an average $143,097 per person.

Professional investors expect shares to crash into the $30 range if the deal
collapses, or if News Corp. pulls its offer over the family's indecision.

News Corp. rose 18 cents to $22.84.

Spokespeople for Dow Jones, as well as the family members and News Corp., had no
immediate comment.

---

Tooclose

As of late last night, News Corp. was on the cusp of having the needed votes of
the Bancroft family to close the Dow Jones deal.

Takeover timeline

* MAY 1 News reports of News Corp.'s $5B offer.

* MAY 13 Bancrofts reported to be split over bid.

* MAY 31 Bancrofts balk at News Corp. being sole purchaser.

* JUNE 4 News Corp. and Bancrofts meet.

* JULY 16 News Corp. and DJ board reach tentative deal; Bancrofts are final
hurdle.

* YESTERDAY No deal as of 10 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Dow Jones pubs. -Influential family trustee Chris Bancroft.  [AP
photos] -Bancroft rep Michael Elefante and Dow Jones CEO Rich Zannino. -Dow
Jones pubs. -Influential family trustee Chris Bancroft.  [AP photos]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 28, 2007 Saturday

DOW JONES SHARES ROILED

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 255 words


Dow Jones & Co.'s shares went on a roller-coaster ride yesterday following a
report the Denver branch of the Bancroft family will reject News Corp.'s
$60-a-share takeover offer for the media company.

The Bancrofts, who control Wall Street Journal parent Dow Jones & Co. through
super-voting shares, are set to vote on the offer over the weekend.

Family members are seeking to have their views reflected by the trusts voting
their shares, according to a story on The Wall Street Journal's Web site.

A decision is expected as soon as early next week. Sources said the outcome is
too close to call.

The Denver trust, which owns 9 percent of the voting stock, had backed a sale to
News Corp., but is now seeking a 10 percent to 20 percent sweetner, according to
The Journal.

Shares of Dow Jones initially sank about 13 percent yesterday on jitters the
Bancrofts would end up rejecting the deal.

But the stock recovered late in the day as investors apparently figured the deal
could go through.

Dow Jones shares closed up nearly 2 percent at $54.70. Shares of News Corp.,
which owns The Post, slipped nearly 2.3 percent to $22.66.

The Bancrofts, which number roughly three dozen adult family members, have
ultimate say on the deal.

Some of them are against the bid because of concerns over the Journal's
editorial independence.

Other members are eager to accept the offer, which is a 67 percent premium over
where Dow Jones was trading before news of the bid came out May 1.

Murdoch has said News Corp. won't raise its bid.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            July 25, 2007 Wednesday

DOW JONES SHARES TAKE 3% HIT

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 219 words


Dow Jones & Co.'s stock price dropped yesterday as investors fretted that the
media company's controlling shareholders might reject News Corp.'s $5 billion
bid for the company.

The Bancroft family, which control Dow Jones through super-voting shares, met
with its advisors on Monday in Boston to consider the $60-a-share offer.

Sources say it's too close to call whether the family will vote to accept the
bid from News Corp., which owns The Post.

A decision is expected early next week, said one person familiar with the
matter.

Shares of Dow Jones, which owns The Wall Street Journal, MarketWatch and
Barron's, fell more than 3 percent yesterday to $52.99 a share.

A number of the roughly three dozen adult family members remain opposed to the
bid because of concerns that News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch might tamper
with the Journal's editorial independence.

But other family members are eager to accept the offer, which is at a 67 percent
premium to where Dow Jones' shares were trading before news of the bid came out
May 1.

The Bancrofts have a 25 percent economic interest in Dow Jones but control 64
percent of the voting power through special shares.

If they reject the offer, Dow Jones' shares could drop back down to the
mid-s$30.

News Corp.'s shares slipped 35 cents to close at $24.02.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 24, 2007 Tuesday

BANCROFTS MULL NEWS CORP. DEAL

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 344 words


Members of the Bancroft family spent hours gathered in a Boston hotel yesterday
to evaluate News Corp.'s $5 billion offer for Dow Jones, the parent of The Wall
Street Journal.

The Bancrofts, who control Dow Jones through super-voting shares, have been
divided about whether to sell the media company, which has been in their control
for more than a century.

Christopher Bancroft, a Dow Jones board member who is opposed to a takeover by
News Corp., said as he emerged from the hotel last evening that the meeting was
"very productive."

He added that the family expects to reach a decision by the end of the week.

Many of the family members believe News Corp.'s $60-a-share bid - a 67 percent
premium to where Dow Jones shares were trading before news of the offer broke in
May - is attractive financially.

But some still worry about the editorial independence of The Wall Street Journal
under the control of News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch.

Murdoch has promised to set up a special committee to safeguard the Journal's
independence.

After yesterday's presentations by various trustees, Dow Jones board members and
financial advisers, the roughly three-dozen adult family members will take the
rest of this week to mull their options before voting on the deal.

The Bancrofts have about 25 percent of the economic interest in Dow Jones but
control 64 percent of the voting power.

News Corp., which owns The Post, probably only needs to win support from about
half of that stake because most other investors are likely to vote in favor of
the deal. Dow Jones' board endorsed the bid last week, but the Bancrofts have
the ultimate say.

Shares of Dow Jones, which also owns Barron's, MarketWatch and Dow Jones
Newswires fell 31 cents yesterday to $54.69 a share.

The stock is trading $5 below News Corp.'s offer, reflecting investor jitters
that the Bancrofts might not approve the deal.

If the family rejects the offer, Dow Jones' shares could return to the mid s$30,
where they were trading before the offer.

News Corp. closed down 8 cents at $24.37.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              July 20, 2007 Friday

DJ BOARD MEMBER QUITS IN PROTEST

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 346 words


German publishing heir Dieter von Holtzbrinck abruptly quit Dow Jones & Co.'s
board, protesting its vote in favor of a $5 billion takeover offer from News
Corp.

"Although I'm convinced that News Corp.'s offer is very generous in financial
terms, I'm very worried that Dow Jones' unique journalistic values will
long-term strongly suffer after the proposed sale," von Holzbrinck wrote in a
letter to directors dated yesterday from Stuttgart.

His resignation came two days after he abstained from a board vote on News
Corp.'s offer for Dow Jones, publisher of The Wall Street Journal, Barron's and
SmartMoney. News Corp. owns The Post.

Final say on a possible sale rests with the Bancroft family, which controls Dow
Jones through super-voting shares.

The Bancrofts, some of whom worry about the editorial independence of the
Journal, are set to meet Monday in Boston to discuss the $60-a-share offer from
News Corp.

News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch has promised to set up a special committee to
safeguard the Journal's independence and integrity.

But von Holzbrinck wrote in his letter yesterday that he didn't believe the
committee would adequately protect the newspaper.

In one more sign of opposition to the sale, James Ottaway, who holds 7 percent
of Dow Jones' shares, wrote an open letter to the family in today's Financial
Times urging them to reject the deal.

After Monday's meeting, the roughly three dozen adult family heirs will have
several days to consider whether to back the deal.

At this stage, it is impossible to predict the outcome, a source close to the
Bancrofts said.

Dow Jones' shares slipped 25 cents yesterday to $55.40 a share in a sign of
market jitters that the family might not approve the deal. News Corp. shares
rose 31 cents to $24.57.

Meanwhile, Dow Jones yesterday posted a 27 percent drop in quarterly profit.
Advertising weakness at the Journal, a severance charge for job cuts and a jump
in expenses for stock-based compensation following the surge in its share price
after the News Corp. bid contributed to the shortfall.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 19, 2007 Thursday

REGULATOR TARGETS DOW JONES DIRECTOR

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 284 words


The Securities and Exchange Commission may file civil charges against a
prominent director on Dow Jones & Co.'s board as part of its insider trading
probe into News Corp.'s $5 billion bid for the owner of The Wall Street Journal.

David Li, chairman and CEO of Bank of East Asia, was informed by the SEC that
the agency plans to recommend suing him as part of its ongoing investigation of
a couple who used inside information to rack up millions by trading illegally on
a tip about the deal, said a source familiar with the matter.

The SEC notified Li through a so-called Wells Notice, essentially a warning that
securities regulators are considering a civil suit, this person said.

The notice gives the British-born businessman a last-ditch chance to convince
the SEC not to go ahead with the charges.

Li has extensive business and philanthropic ties with Chinese telecom tycoon
Michael Leung, whose daughter and her husband were busted by the SEC for going
on a buying frenzy of Dow Jones shares in the two weeks before the public
disclosure of the bid by News Corp., which owns The Post.

When the scandal broke in May, Li denied leaking details about the bid.

"I did not disclose to anyone, not even my wife, any information about Dow
Jones," he told the Journal.

Spokespersons from the SEC and Dow Jones declined to comment.

The SEC said the couple purchased 415,000 Dow Jones shares in several
transactions leading up to the May 1 announcement of the bid. They paid $15
million - an amount that quickly jumped to $23 million in value - on news of the
deal. The SEC froze their account before they could cash in on the profit.

Yesterday, a majority of Dow Jones' board backed News Corp.'s offer.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DAVID LI SEC U later.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            July 18, 2007 Wednesday

DECISION AT DOW JONES

BYLINE: ZACHERY KOUWE and PETER LAURIA

SECTION: Metro+Sports Extra; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 235 words


The Dow Jones board of directors met last night to vote on News Corp.'s $5
billion takeover offer.

While no decision had been reached at press time, a majority of the board was
expected to approve the deal, which would then be sent to the controlling
Bancroft family for approval, according to sources close to the company.

The family, which controls 64 percent of the voting shares of Dow Jones, can
still veto any deal. In April, when News Corp.'s $60 per share offer was
presented to Dow Jones, a majority of the Bancroft family was against the offer.

Since then, the family has decided that Dow Jones can no longer remain an
independent company and began negotiations with News Corp. Chairman Rupert
Murdoch. News Corp. owns The Post.

It was unclear at press time how the Bancrofts' four representatives on the Dow
Jones board would vote, but only a majority of the 16 Dow Jones directors is
needed to recommend a deal to shareholders.

Michael Elefante, the Bancroft family's lead trustee, has scheduled a meeting
for tomorrow to present an agreement to all Bancroft family members before
taking a final vote. A decision could come as early as next week, according to
sources close to the family.

Dow Jones Chief Richard Zaninno and Chairman Peter McPherson favor a sale to
News Corp. James Ottaway, who owns roughly 7 percent of Dow Jones and is not
part of the family, remains opposed to the deal.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            July 18, 2007 Wednesday

DOW'S BOARD OKS SALE

BYLINE: ZACHERY KOUWE and PETER LAURIA

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 237 words


A majority of the Dow Jones board approved News Corp.'s $5 billion takeover last
night - throwing the final decision on the deal into the hands of the
controlling Bancroft family.

The family, which controls 64 percent of the Dow Jones voting shares, can still
veto any deal by voting against it. But approval by the board of directors puts
additional pressure on the family.

Two directors, Bancroft family member Leslie Hill and independent director
Dieter von Holtzbrinck, abstained. Christopher Bancroft, who has been actively
seeking a competing bid, walked out of the meeting without voting, according to
sources.

Michael Elefante, the family's lead trustee, voted for the deal, as did Bancroft
member Elisabeth Steele, sources said. Only a majority of the 16 Dow Jones
directors is needed to recommend a deal to shareholders.

News Corp., which owns The Post, said in a statement it is "grateful to the
Board of Dow Jones & Company for its strong vote of support in favor of our
offer to acquire Dow Jones for $60 per share."

Elefante has scheduled a meeting for tomorrow to present the agreement to all
Bancroft family members before taking a final vote. A decision could come as
early as next week, according to sources close to the family.

In order to gain approval, family members with at least 30 percent of the voting
shares would have to approve the deal, according to people close to the company.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 17, 2007 Tuesday

NEWS CORP. TO GIVE PLAN TO DOW JONES BOARD

BYLINE: ZACHERY KOUWE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 225 words


News Corp. has hammered out the final details of its $5 billion deal for the
owner of The Wall Street Journal and plans to submit an agreement to the Dow
Jones & Co. board today, according to people familiar with the plan.

Dow Jones Chief Richard Zannino and Chairman Peter McPherson worked out the
specifics of the deal yesterday with News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch, sources
said. (News Corp. owns The Post.)

The merger agreement will now be submitted to Dow Jones' 16-member board of
directors for a vote either today or Wednesday, sources said. The majority of
the board, including Zannino and McPherson, favor a sale to News Corp., sources
said.

Still unclear is if the four representatives of the controlling Bancroft family
on the board will vote in favor of the deal. One key member, Christopher
Bancroft, has been making last-minute pitches to private-equity firms and hedge
funds in an effort to drum up a competing offer to News Corp.

Together the Bancroft family controls 64 percent of the voting power of Dow
Jones with Chris Bancroft and his family controlling about a third of that
stake.

The family and their representatives are scheduled to meet on Thursday and
Friday to go over the News Corp. deal and any other competing proposals that
emerge.

Sources close to Dow Jones have little faith that a competing offer will emerge.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 10, 2007 Tuesday

TV GUIDE PARENT EYES SALE

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 70 words


Gemstar TV Guide International has put itself in play.

The company, 41 percent-owned by News Corp., which publishes The Post, said
yesterday that its board has decided to explore strategic alternatives,
including a sale of the company. It hired UBS as an adviser.

The company owns the weekly magazine TV Guide, which has been losing millions of
dollars since it tried to reposition itself in 2005 as a full-size glossy.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 7, 2007 Saturday

DJ REFUTES DEAL REPORT

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 326 words


Wall Street Journal parent Dow Jones & Co. shot down a report saying the company
was on the verge of accepting a $5 billion takeover bid from News Corp., which
publishes The Post.

London-based magazine The Business published an article saying News Corp.
Chairman Rupert Murdoch has succeeded with his offer and a formal announcement
is expected next week.

Citing unidentified sources acting for Dow Jones' board, the article said
negotiations on price and matters of principle have been completed. Andrew Neil,
a former editor at The Sunday Times, a London-based newspaper owned by News
Corp., wrote the article.

Dow Jones shares surged $1.22 to $59.07, nearing News Corp.'s $60 a share bid.
News Corp.'s shares were at $23.26, up 2 cents.

Dow Jones yesterday said the story was "incorrect."

Representatives from Dow Jones and the Bancroft family - the company's
controlling shareholders - told The Post talks with News Corp. are ongoing but
no deal is imminent.

"I am reliably informed that there is no change in the status of the discussions
currently under way," said Roy Winnick, a Bancroft spokesman. "News Corp. is
continuing to conduct due diligence and the negotiations are not complete."

A News Corp. spokesman said the company "is unaware of the truth or otherwise of
the report."

Dow Jones and News Corp. have reached a preliminary understanding on a proposal
to protect the editorial independence of the Journal and Dow Jones' other
publications. But talks have been sluggish this week because of the Independence
Day holiday and many other issues have yet to be hammered out, sources said.

Dow Jones' board is conducting the formal negotiations, but the Bancrofts have
the power to reject any deal.

News Corp.'s offer represents a 65 percent premium to where Dow Jones' shares
were trading before news of the bid made headlines on May 1 - a price that has
not attracted rival bids.

---

Stock pop

Dow Jones & Co. - Close: $59.07 (+1.22)

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 29, 2007 Friday

WSJ PANEL OF NEUTRAL EXPERTS IS DETAILED

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 357 words


An accord to protect the editorial independence of The Wall Street Journal if
News Corp. buys its parent Dow Jones & Co. gives hiring and firing oversight to
an outside panel of experts picked much like a trial jury, sources said
yesterday.

A five-member panel of "neutral, distinguished individuals with no connections
whatsoever to either [News Corp.'s or Dow Jones' interests]" would be
responsible for reviewing candidates nominated by the company's owner for top
editorial management, including editor, said sources familiar with the accord.

The pact, reached in recent days in talks between News Corp., which owns The
Post, and an ad hoc panel of Dow Jones' board, is part of a $5 billion offer. It
is awaiting approval by the Bancroft family that controls 64 percent of Dow
Jones' voting power.

Reuters shot down a New York Times report yesterday saying the accord gives News
Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch sole power to hire and fire top Wall Street
Journal editors, and that the committee would have no power to approve
candidates. Numerous sources, including several cited by Reuters, called the
report wrong.

The accord calls for building a pool of names of prospective panel members from
all fields, and originating from multiple sources, including selections by News
Corp., the Dow Jones board and the Bancrofts. Individual names would be picked
for joint review by News Corp. and Dow Jones.

Using rules like those in jury selection, each side would discuss any names
drawn, until an agreement is reached on all five seats. Alternates also would be
picked that way, sources said. When panelists end their service, they would be
free to nominate replacements.

The panel "provides substantially more protection" than a similar committee that
was set up at the Times of London when News Corp. acquired it, said one source.

Meanwhile, 150 unionized employees at the Journal staged a "no-show protest"
during the late-morning hours yesterday to show their opposition to the deal and
to protest their own bosses' reluctance to improve benefits.

Dow Jones shares slipped 76 cents to $57.80, while News Corp. shares rose 9
cents to $23.09.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 28, 2007 Thursday

DJ DEAL: CLOCK IS TICKING

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 71

LENGTH: 211 words


News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch yesterday said he expects Dow Jones & Co.'s
controlling Bancroft family to decide on the latest negotiated plan for his
acquisition of the company in a few weeks or "not at all."

Murdoch's remarks, made at a business event in Warsaw, Poland, came just a day
after News Corp. and the Dow Jones board reached a tentative accord over
editorial independence of The Wall Street Journal.

When asked by Reuters if he would raise his $5 billion offer for Dow Jones,
Murdoch told the news service, "Everything is done. We are just waiting for a
final approval of the Bancroft family. The final approval is in the next two,
three week's time, or not at all."

Dow Jones shares fell 21 cents to $58.56, while News Corp. stock slid 31 cents
to $23. News Corp. owns The Post.

The Bancrofts are weighing two key issues in the sale: price and maintaining
editorial independence at The Journal.

Ben Bradlee, former executive editor of The Washington Post, in an Editor &
Publisher interview, said the debate about limiting an owner's involvement in a
newspaper was "making a mountain out of a molehill."

Referring to his former publisher, Bradlee said, "If Katharine Graham had not
liked what The Post was under me, she would have bagged me."

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            June 27, 2007 Wednesday

IT'S THISCLOSE - NEWS CORP., DOW JONES AGREE ON OVERSIGHT

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 334 words


An initial deal was hammered out yesterday to protect the editorial independence
of The Wall Street Journal in the event it is acquired by News Corp.

Dow Jones & Co.'s board and News Corp. spent four days negotiating their
agreement in principle to present to the Bancroft family that controls the media
company.

Although the agreement will still need to win the Bancrofts' approval, the
breakthrough helps clear the way for sale talks to proceed.

The editorial integrity issue has been a sticking point for the Bancrofts in the
proposed $5 billion acquisition of Dow Jones, which owns the Journal, Barron's
and Dow Jones Newswires.

News Corp., which owns The Post, had no comment. The Bancroft family and Dow
Jones had no comment, either.

News Corp. and Dow Jones' board were said to have worked out most of the details
for setting up an editorial board, which could mediate differences among News
Corp. and editors. No details of such a structure were disclosed.

An outline was sent to the Bancrofts.

The Bancrofts had raised concerns that News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch would
tamper with the editorial content of the Journal.

Murdoch earlier had given assurances he wouldn't interfere and proposed a
structure to oversee the paper's editorial integrity as he had done when
acquiring the Times of London.

The Bancrofts last week had stepped aside from direct discussions on the
guidelines issue, and agreed to let an ad hoc committee of the Dow Jones board
handle the talks.

Murdoch has offered $60 a share for Dow Jones. He said he would invest in the
Journal's online and overseas operations, and use its expertise to help develop
a business-themed cable news channel.

Dow Jones rose $1.27, or 2.2 percent, to $58.77 in busy trading of nearly 3.7
million shares, more than 2 1/2 times its usual daily volume.

News Corp. slipped 19 cents, or 0.8 percent to $23.31 in active trading of 4.3
million shares, nearly 1 1/2 times its usual daily volume.

---

Warming up

Dow Jones - Close $58.77 (+$1.27)

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 26, 2007 Tuesday

NEWS CORP., DOW JONES CLOSER TO DEAL

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 184 words


News Corp. looked poised to clear the biggest hurdle in its pursuit of Dow Jones
late yesterday, with an agreement to maintain the editorial independence of its
flagship The Wall Street Journal, The Post has learned.

Though key points that could ultimately scuttle an agreement were still being
worked out, a source close to the negotiations was hopeful that News Corp. and
the Dow Jones board would have a set of formalized editorial guidelines in place
as early as today. News Corp. owns The Post.

Even if News Corp. and Dow Jones' board agree to a set of guidelines, Dow Jones'
controlling Bancroft family still has to sign off on it, which isn't necessarily
a given. The current proposal is understood to differ materially from the
original draft the Bancroft family drew up a few weeks ago, and considering the
family's reservations about selling to News Corp., there's no guarantee they
will agree to the revised terms.

News Corp. has offered $60 per share for Dow Jones in a deal valued at $5
billion.

Shares in News Corp. closed up 18 cents to $23.50. Shares in Dow Jones fell
$1.30 to $57.50.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 25, 2007 Monday

STARR REPORT

BYLINE: MICHAEL STARR

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 82

LENGTH: 247 words


For a good cause

The Post's parent company, News Corp., is the presenting sponsor of today's 14th
Annual "A Taste of Down Under" event benefiting the Muscular Dystrophy
Association. The event, held at Bridgewaters in the South Street Seaport's
historic district, will be emceed by Ch. 9's Giovanna Drpic with Vanessa Alfano
going live on today's "Good Day New York" from the Seaport. All funds raised
will benefit MDA programs in the area.

***

Holly Hunter, who's about to kick off her first-ever TV series role on TNT's
"Saving Grace," on why she loves New York: "Because it serves a different God
than L.A.," the 49-year-old actress tells the July/ August issue of More
magazine, on newsstands tomorrow. "I leave my apartment building in New York and
I enter the flow, and it doesn't have to do with me. There's a comfort of
anonymity.

"And I love the mix of people," she says. "I mean, you look at who's in your
subway car, and it will inevitably be people of 19 different nationalities."

Last, but not least:

* Judge Maria Lopez will be there tomorrow when Michelle Obama addresses the New
York Historical Society's Strawberry Festival lunch.

* Saturday at Manhattan Mall (W. 33rd): Playhouse Disney's "Charlie and Lola"
kick off a ten-city mall puppetshow tour with three free shows (10 a.m., noon, 2
p.m.).

* "Inside Edition" awarded a Lifetime Achievement from the NCAA in Philly last
week.

* Softball: "Today" won 8-7 last Friday, with Al Roker and Tiki Barber
contributing.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Maria Lopez. -Holly Hunter. -Maria Lopez.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 22, 2007 Friday

NOT TO PANIC

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 97 words


GETTING a call from state Attorney General Andrew Cuomo doesn't necessarily mean
you're in trouble. At the Yale Club's Police Athletic League luncheon, Cuomo
recalled the weird response he got when he phoned an old college pal for a
friendly chat. "He didn't return my call, so I called him again. The next thing
I know, I get a call from this guy's lawyer asking me about the reason for the
call," Cuomo told the crowd. Guests included Ray Kelly, David Dinkins, John
Catsimatidis, News Corp. Senior VP Les Goodstein, Rita Cosby, Patricia Duff and
Hampton Sheet publisher Joan Jedell.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 22, 2007 Friday

GE, PEARSON SCUTTLE DOW JONES TALKS

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 330 words


Daunted by News Corp.'s $5 billion takeover bid, General Electric and Pearson
PLC have pulled out of the running to buy Wall Street Journal parent Dow Jones &
Co.

GE, owner of financial news channel CNBC, and Pearson, the Britain-based
publisher of the Financial Times, said yesterday that they recently held
exploratory talks about a possible combination of those assets with Dow Jones
but decided to drop the idea.

"It was economics," said one source familiar with the matter.

The $60-a-share offer from News Corp., which owns The Post, represents a 65
percent premium to where Dow Jones' shares were trading before news of the bid
made headlines in early May.

"We . . . kicked around some ideas about what a combination of CNBC, the FT
group and Dow Jones might look like," Pearson boss Marjorie Scardino, a former
journalist from Texas, told FT staffers. "We didn't see that combination
stacking up for our shareholders."

Though Dow Jones is no longer in the mix, GE and Pearson are continuing talks
that could lead to other agreements between CNBC and the FT, such as content
sharing and marketing.

Their decision not to bid came on the heels of news that the Bancroft family,
Dow Jones' controlling shareholders, agreed to let the board take control of any
merger talks - a sign that the pace of negotiations with News Corp. may
accelerate.

Dow Jones' largest union and supermarket billionaire Ron Burkle have been trying
to round up a group of deep-pocketed investors to mount a rival bid.

Separately, Internet entrepreneur Brad Greenspan, the founder of MySpace, which
was acquired by News Corp., said he would make an offer for 25 percent of Dow
Jones at $60 a share.

But most industry observers don't consider the suitors that have emerged
serious. The hefty premium from News Corp. makes a sweeter bid a long shot, they
say.

Dow Jones shares yesterday slipped 94 cents to $59.71 on the New York Stock
Exchange. News Corp.'s Class A shares fell 2 cents to $22.08.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday

DEAL JONES & CO. - BOARD TAKES REINS IN TALKS WITH NEWS CORP.

BYLINE: ZACHERY KOUWE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 445 words


Dow Jones' full board of directors has decided to take control of any merger or
buyout negotiations after being frustrated with the pace of talks between the
company's founding Bancroft family and News Corp.

The move, which will require the Bancrofts to work through their representatives
on the board, is also expected to expedite any deal with News Corp. or a rival
suitor.

General Electric's NBC Universal unit is exploring a possible bid for Dow Jones
in a joint venture with Financial Times publisher Pearson, but so far those
talks have yet to be formalized, according to sources close to the companies.

At a board meeting yesterday, some of Dow Jones' directors not affiliated with
the Bancroft family expressed concern that they were losing control over the
company and feared News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch could back away from his
offer.

Should that occur, Dow Jones' stock would likely fall sharply and leave the
board members vulnerable to shareholder lawsuits, said one source. A spokesman
for the Bancroft family stressed that the decision to give negotiating control
to the full board was made jointly.

Shares in Dow Jones, which owns The Wall Street Journal, rose 3.2 percent to
$60.65 yesterday as investors bet a deal with News Corp. was more likely.

News Corp., which also owns The Post, has offered $60 a share, or $5 billion.
Its shares closed at $23.60, off 8 cents.

The Bancroft family's representatives on the board, which include three family
members and their lawyer Michael Elefante, voted in favor of the move at
yesterday's board meeting.

Any deal for Dow Jones would have to be approved by the board and the Bancroft
family, who controls the super-voting stock.

The family has struggled to craft a proposal meant to safeguard the editorial
independence of the Journal. Yesterday, the family delivered a proposal to the
other board members meant to ensure "editorial independence and integrity."

The proposal has several key elements including an outline of protections and
principles for journalists and editors; the creation of an editorial board that
would oversee those protections; a definition of the job descriptions and the
"range of autonomy" of top editors at the Journal and the company's other news
outlets. The proposal also includes a provision that would allow the family to
sue News Corp. if it thought the company was violating the agreement.

The full Dow Jones board now has to approve the proposal before it is sent to
News Corp. In a statement, Dow Jones said the board would "take the lead in
addressing all aspects of the proposal and all other strategic alternatives,
including remaining independent."

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 16, 2007 Saturday

BRITS IN A SNIT OVER NEWS CORP.'S DOW JONES BID

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 323 words


Pearson PLC is circling the wagons to save the Financial Times.

The British publishing company's attempt to mount a competing bid for Dow Jones
& Co. is a move to protect the FT's stranglehold on the business news market in
the U.K. from what will almost certainly be an all-out war for readers should
The Wall Street Journal come under News Corp.'s ownership.

Two sources confirmed that Pearson has reached out to Hearst and General
Electric, among others, to gauge their interest in joining forces to buy Dow
Jones but has received only tepid responses.

According to these sources, Pearson is trying to pull together a bid because "it
finds the News Corp. offer very threatening." News Corp. owns The Post.

While it's true that Pearson could wring cost savings out of Dow Jones and The
Journal's large U.S. footprint complements the FT's strength in Europe, a
potential bid, which was first reported on The Journal's Web site, is more
defensive than anything else.

A source close to Pearson said the assumption was always that Dow Jones would
buy the FT, not the other way around.

But others have noted that News Corp.'s strong U.K. presence - the company owns
The Times of London and The Sun - and its stated desire to expand The Journal's
presence throughout Europe would at least create "more robust competition for
the FT" and could spell "the effective end of the FT."

Pearson is also worried about the intelligence that Times of London Editor
Robert Thomson could arm News Corp. with in a potential circulation battle
between the FT and The Journal.

Thomson, who previously served as managing editor of the FT's U.S. edition, has
been a trusted adviser to News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch throughout the Dow
Jones negotiations.

Protecting the FT is of particular concern for Pearson CEO Marjorie Scardino,
who sources said has been driving the process.

Calls to Pearson were not returned. Dow Jones declined to comment.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 14, 2007 Thursday

9 FOX STATIONS FOR SALE

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 127 words


News Corp. plans to jettison just less than one-fourth of its owned-and-operated
television stations in the United States.

The company, which owns The Post, said yesterday that it retained boutique
investment bank Allen & Co. to sell nine of its Fox-affiliated broadcast
television stations.

A sale will reduce News Corp.'s television station count to 26 from 35.

News Corp. is also receiving advice from Allen & Co. on its attempt to buy
financial publisher Dow Jones & Co. for $5 billion.

The stations being put up for sale are properties in Cleveland; Denver; St.
Louis; Milwaukee; Salt Lake City; Memphis, Tenn.; Greenboro, N.C.; Kansas City,
Kan.; and Birmingham, Ala.

None of these locations is a market where News Corp. owns more than one station.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 8, 2007 Friday

THE DOW JONES & CO. GOLD MINE

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN and PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 337 words


As potential bidders circle Wall Street Journal publisher Dow Jones & Co., the
company is offering sweetened severance pacts to an additional 135 executives if
it is sold.

The move, disclosed in a regulatory filing late yesterday, was decided by the
board on Monday - the same day the Bancroft family, which controls Dow Jones
through super-voting shares, began talks with News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch
to consider his unsolicited $5 billion bid for the company. News Corp. owns The
Post.

The added perks would allow top executives and editors to cash in restricted
stock and options, a bid by Dow Jones to hang on to top managers and editors
while the family mulls a sale. For nine senior executives, including CEO Rich
Zannino, the company would also pay the taxes on their windfall.

News Corp. executives and members of the Bancroft family had their first
face-to-face meeting on Monday. They discussed ways to maintain the editorial
integrity of the The Wall Street Journal.

Fears that Murdoch might tamper with the Journal's integrity prompted Dow Jones'
largest union to send out letters to a handful of billionaires, including Warren
Buffett, in hopes they might come up with a counter offer.

Supermarket magnate Ron Burkle, who made an unsuccessful bid for the Los Angeles
Times, has agreed to advise the group through his Yucaipa Cos. investment firm.

It was announced yesterday that an "Internet entrepreneur" and a "Wall Street
group" have contacted the union to consider making a bid to block the News Corp.
offer, which is valued at $60 a share. Chris Mackin, the union's adviser,
declined to identify the new suitors.

Meanwhile, public relations exec Brian Tierney, who led a consortium last year
that bought the Philadelphia Inquirer and Philadelphia Daily News for $515
million, said he'd like to be part of a bid.

Shares of Dow Jones slipped 16 cents to $60 a share, a sign investors didn't
think much of the new expressions of interest. News Corp. shares closed at
$23.78, off 22 cents.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 6, 2007 Wednesday

AN ESOP FABLE - DOW JONES UNION ASKS BURKLE TO STOP NEWS CORP.

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN and PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 613 words


Supermarket billionaire Ron Burkle is teaming up with employees at Dow Jones &
Co. as they look for ways to buy the media company for themselves and block a
sale to News Corp.

A union for about 2,000 workers at Dow Jones, including those at The Wall Street
Journal, said yesterday it asked Burkle, 54, to find alternatives to selling the
empire to Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. in a $5 billion offer that's already on
the table. News Corp. owns The Post.

A rep at Burkle's Yucaipa Cos. investment firm confirmed it would be advising
the union.

Some newsroom insiders complained union leaders "have gone off the deep end" by
contacting Burkle.

Steve Yount, head of the union, acknowledged that its effort to solicit bids is
unusual.

"I don't want anyone to think that Ron Burkle is my guy," Yount, president of
the Independent Association of Publishers' Employees (IAPE), told The Post.

"I appreciate the fact that he stepped forward to work with us, but I don't
think he'll be the only one. What we're trying is to get together a collection
of billionaires who'd be interested in guaranteeing the independence and
integrity of the Journal."

IAPE also asked Warren Buffett for help. His spokeswoman said, however, that the
Oracle of Omaha wouldn't risk any of his company's billions to buy Dow Jones.

The union also put out feelers to a handful of other unidentified billionaires.

The union said it is consulting with Ownership Associates of Cambridge, Mass.,
which specializes in employee stock-ownership plans (ESOPs) that can be
structured to buy out companies for employees.

"It sounds like a move of desperation. The union is obviously afraid of Mr.
Murdoch, but their fear, I believe, is misplaced," said Benchmark LLC media
analyst Ed Atorino. "It's also highly unlikely that any ESOP could handle that
kind of financing."

Meanwhile, representatives of News Corp. and the Bancroft family - which
controls Dow Jones - yesterday continued the task of reviewing their separate
scenarios for resolving any roadblocks to a sale.

Spokespeople for both News Corp. and the Bancrofts had no comments on the sale
discussions that began Monday in a four-hour meeting including Murdoch and his
son, James, and three Bancroft family members.

One key issue is maintaining The Wall Street Journal's editorial integrity,
which both sides agree is vital.

Sources familiar with the discussions said that in the next several days, News
Corp. executives will likely continue their talks with Dow Jones Chairman Peter
McPherson and attorneys for the Bancrofts.

Regarding Burkle's involvement, a spokesman for the Bancrofts said they "had no
immediate comment."

Burkle, who didn't return calls for comment, has lost two previous attempts to
buy a trophy newspaper - including runs for the Los Angeles Times and
Philadelphia's two dailies, the Daily News and Inquirer.

Shares of Dow Jones rose 34 cents to $60.50. News Corp. climbed 5 cents to
$24.15.

---

Green grocer

Ron Burkle's (inset) Yucaipa Companies is teaming up with The Wall Street
Journal's union to explore a rival bid for Dow Jones. This is not the first time
the grocery store magnate has sought media properties.

May 2004: Spent $70 million to back INdTV Holdings, which launched Al Gore's
cable channel Current TV.

March 2006: Backed unsuccessful unionled bid for the Philadelphia Inquirer and
Philadelphia Daily News.

Sept. 2006: Floated unsuccessful bid for the Los Angeles Times.

Nov. 2006: Gained control of supermarket magazine distributor Source Interlink
for $330 million.

May 2007: Successfully bid $1.2 billion for Primedia Enthusiast Media's 70
magazines, including Motor Trend and Soap Opera Digest.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ron Burkle. [Bloomberg]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 2, 2007 Saturday

DOW JONES POPS ; WALL ST. WELCOMES BANCROFT-NEWS CORP. SIT-DOWN

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 579 words


The stock of Wall Street Journal parent Dow Jones & Co. surged above Rupert
Murdoch's $60 a share bid yesterday, a sign investors expect the News Corp.
chairman to sweeten his offer to persuade the controlling Bancroft family to
part with the company.

Dow Jones stock gained 14.8 percent, or $7.89, to $61.20 a share after the
Bancrofts, who hold 64 percent voting control, agreed to meet with Murdoch as
soon as Monday to discuss his offer.

The family's surprise move, announced late Thursday, came a month after the bid
from News Corp., which also owns The Post, first made headlines.

The Bancrofts previously had rebuffed Murdoch's requests to meet and put out a
statement saying a majority of the family was opposed to a sale to him.

Although the Bancrofts said in their latest statement that a meeting might not
lead to negotiations, industry observers say the family's newfound willingness
to entertain News Corp.'s offer signals a deal is likely.

The family, which has controlled the company for 125 years, said it also would
listen to offers from other bidders. That could mean they're hoping for a "white
knight."

Some family members do not want to sell to Murdoch because they worry he might
tamper with the Journal's integrity. Murdoch assured the family in a previous
letter that he would protect the editorial integ rity of the Journal with a
separate oversight board.

Investors and Wall Street analysts don't believe any other bidder, either a
rival media company or a wealthy trophy asset seeker, can top News Corp.'s bid.

The $60 offer, worth a total of $5 billion, was 67 percent above where Dow Jones
shares traded prior to news of the bid becoming public.

Larry Haverty, a portfolio manager with Mario Gabelli's GAMCO, which has stakes
in Dow Jones and News Corp., doesn't anticipate rival suitors.

"Our bet is nobody else shows up at the ball," he said. "As shareholders in Dow
Jones we're very happy with $60 a share."

But, to entice the Bancrofts, Murdoch is likely to boost his bid to between $63
and $64 a share, Haverty added.

"I've [invested in] Murdoch for 20 years," the portfolio manager said. "If he
has a face-to-face dialogue with the Bancrofts, I think they will find the
reality of Rupert different from their perception."

Jim Ottaway, a major Dow Jones shareholder and former executive, said yesterday
that he's "disappointed" the Bancrofts have agreed to meet with Murdoch.

Ottaway said he was "skeptical" of Murdoch's commitment to establishing an
independent, autonomous editorial board to oversee the Journal.

The Bancroft family's apparent change of heart came after Dow Jones chief Rich
Zannino made a presentation to them that outlined less bright prospects for the
company if it remained as a standalone business.

Wall Street analysts peg the current News Corp. bid at roughly 17 times Dow
Jones' estimated earnings before items. That's nearly double the valuation
real-estate mogul Sam Zell recently agreed to pay to take over Chicago's Tribune
Co., publisher of Newsday and the Los Angeles Times.

Just talking

The Wall Street Journal

Close  $61.20    +$7.89

Dow Jones director Chris Bancroft and Chairman Richard Zannino realized a 14.8%
pop on news that the two parties would meet.

4/17 Dow Jones reports drop in 1st quarter earnings

4/18 Board discusses News Corp.'s $60 a share offer for Dow Jones.

5/1 News reports surface of the $5 billion offer.

5/31 Bancroft family agrees to discuss offer with News Corp.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: - Richard Zannino. (Jeff Zelevansky) - Chris and Sue Bancroft - Richard
Zannino. (Jeff Zelevansky)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 1, 2007 Friday

MEET AND GREET - BANCROFTS, NEWS CORP. TO DISCUSS DOW JONES BID

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 335 words


After weeks of deliberations, the Bancroft family who control The Wall Street
Journal empire said it would meet with Rupert Murdoch to discuss his offer to
acquire and expand the media company.

Murdoch, chairman of News Corp., which also owns The Post, offered $60 a share
last month for Dow Jones & Co. and its flagship newspaper.

Shares soared 12 percent in after-hours trading to $59.79 following the family's
statement last night on Murdoch's $5 billion bid

"The family has reached consensus that the mission of Dow Jones may be better
accomplished in combination or collaboration with another organization, which
may include News Corp.," the statement said.

A News Corp. spokesman said, "We're grateful to the Bancroft family for agreeing
to our suggestions of a meeting and we look forward to it."

Murdoch had assured the family in a previous letter that he would protect the
editorial integrity of the Journal with a separate oversight board, as he has
done at the Times of London.

Editorial integrity is high on the family's agenda in the discussions. No date
has been disclosed.

The Bancrofts said they would meet News Corp. "to determine whether, in the
context of the current or any modified News Corporation proposal, it will be
possible to ensure the level of commitment to editorial independence, integrity
and journalistic freedom that is the hallmark of Dow Jones."

The family also said it was open "to other options that might achieve the same
overarching objectives."

"No one else is coming to this party," Michael Chren, managing director of
Allegiant Asset Management Co. told Bloomberg.

"It seems very likely we're headed to a deal between News Corp. and Dow Jones."

Murdoch said in his earlier letter that Dow Jones would have News Corp.'s access
to capital and a global platform to expand its operations. Retaining the
Journal's team of journalists, editors and management would also be a "a key
priority," he said.

The family controls 64 percent of the Dow Jones board's voting power.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 31, 2007 Thursday

RUDY & HILL ORM CALIF.

BYLINE: Carl Campanile

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 105 words


White House front-runners Hillary Rodham Clinton and Rudy Giuliani set out on a
California gold rush yesterday, raking in pails of campaign cash from Tinseltown
titans, and a key endorsement for Clinton.

The New York duo divvied up the Golden State. Clinton hung out with Hollywood
hotshots, while Giuliani mined money from Silicon Valley suits and GOP fat cats
in Beverly Hills.

Clinton swooped into Santa Monica for a big-ticket fund-raiser hosted by
director Steven Spielberg, News Corp. President and Chief Operating Officer
Peter Chernin, and TV producer Haim Saban at Chernin's home, slated to pull in
$700,000.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 22, 2007 Tuesday

DOW(N) JONES AGAIN

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 202 words


The stock of Wall Street Journal parent Dow Jones & Co. sank nearly 3.5 percent
after an analyst report predicted News Corp. might pull its $60-per-share offer
because the controlling Bancroft family keeps resisting the offer.

The report by Pali Research said News Corp., which also owns The Post, "is
increasingly frustrated" by the failure of the Bancrofts to respond to overtures
from News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch to discuss the $5 billion bid.

However, some analysts said Pali may have pulled the trigger too soon.

"[Murdoch] knew this was going to be a long process," Michael Chren of Allegiant
Large Cap Value Fund told Bloomberg. "And that the Dow Jones board took no
action should be a sign of encouragement rather than a reason to think News
Corp. will withdraw."

Dow Jones, News Corp. and the Bancroft family had no comment.

Shares of Dow Jones dropped to as low $50.80 but recovered to close at $51.10,
off $1.85.

Meanwhile, the Bancrofts' Dow Jones stake lost $38 million in value yesterday on
the Pali report.

For the roughly three dozen adult Bancrofts, the drop translates to an average
loss of more than $1 million apiece in just one day.

---

Waning

Dow Jones - Close: $51.10 (-1.85)

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 17, 2007 Thursday

DJ BOARD STANDS PAT

BYLINE: Post staff

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 81

LENGTH: 128 words


The board of Dow Jones yesterday declined to take a position on News Corp.'s
offer to buy the Wall Street Journal publisher for $60 a share, the Journal
reported last night on its Web site.

In a regularly scheduled meeting at company headquarters in lower Manhattan, the
board decided to take no action on the latest letter from News Corp. Chairman
Rupert Murdoch, which was addressed to Dow Jones' controlling Bancroft family.
News Corp. also owns The Post.

So far, Bancroft family members initially opposed to the deal comprise 52
percent of the voting power, but the family is divided on whether to rebuff the
offer outright or collect more information. The Ottaway family, with an
additional 5.2 percent of voting power, has said it opposes a sale outright.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 15, 2007 Tuesday

SEAT OFFER SWEETENS DOW JONES BID

BYLINE: ZACHERY KOUWE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 529 words


In an effort to persuade Dow Jones' controlling shareholders to accept his $5
billion bid for the company, Rupert Murdoch has offered to place a member of the
Bancroft family on the News Corp. board and establish a special body to oversee
the independence of the Wall Street Journal and other publications.

In a lengthy letter sent over the weekend to the Bancroft family, the News Corp.
chairman said maintaining Dow Jones' editorial integrity was of "utmost
importance to me."

Last month, Murdoch proposed to acquire Dow Jones for $60 a share, a 67 percent
premium over where the company's stock was trading prior to the disclosure. News
Corp. owns The Post.

Murdoch expressed regret that details of the offer had become a matter of public
debate and said, "Much has been written about me, my family and our company,
some flattering, some not; some accurate, most not."

He also stressed that any perception of corporate meddling in the editorial
operations of the Journal "would simply be bad business."

Members of the Bancroft family who control a majority of the supervoting stock
of Dow Jones have opposed the offer. However, there are members within the
disparate family who may consider the deal.

Representatives of the family were meeting by phone yesterday to discuss the
latest letter, sources said.

"I don't apologize for the fact that I've always had strong opinions and strong
ideas about newspapers; but I have always respected the independence and
integrity of the news organizations with which I am associated," Murdoch said in
the letter.

The editorial board outlined in the letter would be akin to the one set up at
The Times of London after News Corp. bought that paper in 1981. Board approval
would be required to either appoint or fire the top editors of the Journal, and
the board would mediate any disputes between management and the company's
editorial operations.

Murdoch also said in the letter that he would invest in expanding the Journal's
Washington bureau to bolster political coverage, improve the newspaper's New
York headquarters, invest heavily in its international operations, build upon
Dow Jones' successes in digital media, and leverage News Corp.'s international
distribution platforms to promote Dow Jones' products. He also said that
retaining the Journal's team of journalists, editors and management would be a
"a key priority."

Meanwhile, Robert Thomson, editor of The Times of London, took issue with a
public statement by former Dow Jones board member Jim Ottaway Jr. claiming News
Corp.'s business interests in China have conflicted with its editorial coverage
of the Communist regime.

In a letter to Ottaway, Thomson called the public statement "a challenge to the
integrity of the journalists at The Times and to me personally.

"As a Beijing correspondent, I was in Tiananmen Square on the night of the
massacre in 1989 and was thrown out of Tibet by heavy-handed Chinese officials,"
Thomson wrote.

He said a reading of The Times' international coverage "would make clear that
all of our reporting has the objective of being factually objective and our
comment pages provide a genuine contest of ideas."

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 10, 2007 Thursday

NEWS CORP. Q3 UP 6.2%

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 225 words


Strong results at News Corp.'s film division helped drive third-quarter net
income up 6.2 percent to $871 million from $820 million in the year-earlier
period.

Led by the strong performance of the Ben Stiller movie "Night at the Museum" -
which has grossed more than $570 million in worldwide box office - operating
income at the theatrical unit swelled 82 percent to $410 million from $225
million.

The film unit was also aided by the robust performance of DVD releases of "The
Devil Wears Prada," "Little Miss Sunshine," "Ice Age: The Meltdown," "Eragon"
and "Borat."

Earnings per share rose a penny to 27 cents for the quarter.

News Corp., which in addition to The Post also owns the Fox Television network,
cable channels FX and Fox News, and other assets, reported revenue of $7.5
billion in the quarter, a 21 percent increase from a year ago. Four of News
Corp.'s seven divisions - filmed entertainment, cable network programming,
direct broadcast satellite television and magazines and inserts - scored
double-digit percent increases in operating income and helped drive the
company's overall operating income up 23 percent to $1.2 billion.

Among News Corp.'s other divisions are television, newspapers and book
publishing.

News Corp. shares edged down 39 cents to close trading yesterday at $23.26 on
volume almost twice its daily average.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 10, 2007 Thursday

NEWS CORP. CLEARS THE AIR; PUSH TO REDUCE CO2 GAS

BYLINE: CHUCK BENNETT

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 514 words


With a warning that climate change "poses clear, catastrophic threats," News
Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch announced a sweeping effort yesterday to make his
global media empire carbon-neutral by 2010.

"We want to go all the way to zero," Murdoch said to applause at the Hudson
Theatre in Midtown.

News Corp., which has operations in 52 countries spanning five continents,
annually produces 641,150 tons of the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide.

By switching to more energy-efficient technologies, hybrid vehicles and
renewable energy, News Corp., the owner of The Post, expects to bring its
"carbon footprint" to zero in three years. The campaign is dubbed "Cool Change."

For instance, the set of Fox's TV action drama "24" will use biodiesel
generators, and the main Fox studio lot will use solar-powered golf carts for
transportation.

The use of energy-efficient light bulbs on the lot will reduce the production of
CO2 by 200 tons a year, the equivalent of 200 cross-country jet flights.

Such bulbs are now being installed at The Post's Bronx printing facility, a
change that will also take place at the paper's Midtown headquarters.

Some News Corp. employees will receive corporate incentives to purchase hybrid
automobiles, as Murdoch did himself a few months ago.

"When all of News Corp. becomes carbon-neutral, it will have the same impact as
turning off the electricity in the city of London for five full days," Murdoch
said.

The announcement brought immediate praise from Mayor Bloomberg and, via video
message, British Prime Minister Tony Blair.

Bloomberg said, "News Corp. has always been out in front, and I always thought
that media companies do have an obligation to lead and not just report.

"News Corp. certainly does that, and this is as good an example as we could have
hoped for," added Bloomberg, who launched a long-term environmental plan for the
city earlier this year.

Speaking at a discussion following the announcement, Steve Howard, founder of
The Climate Group, a nonprofit that works on global-warming issues, said the
world must sharply curtail CO2 emissions by 2015 or face disaster. If we don't,
he said, "then we are cooked. We are toast."

Murdoch, who expressed concern about a continuing drought in his native
Australia, said the world needs a sense of urgency.

"We must do this quickly," he said. "The climate won't wait for us."

Meanwhile, City Hall is preparing to embark on a campaign that gives
earth-friendly living tips to New Yorkers, a senior administration official
said.

"We're really just getting people involved in what they can do as individuals to
reduce their own personal carbon footprint," Deputy Mayor Dan Doctoroff told The
Post.

The campaign, tentatively dubbed GreeNYC, will be unveiled in several weeks.

GOING GREEN

News Corp.

Operations: In 52 countries

Employees: 47,000

Total 2006 carbon footprint: 641,150 tons

(equivalent to five days of power used by London)

Carbon-neutral goal: By 2010

Company emission sources: 72% electricity, 23% transportation, 5% other

Online campaign: At www.myspace.com/ourplanet

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RUPERT MURDOCH. (AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 10, 2007 Thursday

DUTY TO THE FUTURE - NEWS CORP. JUMPS INTO THE FIGHT VS. CLIMATE CHANGE

BYLINE: Rupert Murdoch

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 1430 words


EDITOR'S NOTE: News Corp., The Post's corporate parent, employs some 47,000
people on five continents. Yesterday, Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch announced
the company's dramatic plans to become fully carbon-neutral by 2010. Below are
some of his remarks to News Corp. employees explaining why, and how, we'll do
it-and that this is only the start.

I GREW up in Melbourne, Australia; the last few months and years have brought
some changes there:

In Melbourne, 2006 was the 10th straight year with below-average rainfall. And
2005 was the hottest year on record throughout Australia. Australia is suffering
its worst drought in 100 years.

Now, I realize we can't take just one year in one city or even one continent as
proof that something unusual is happening. And I am no scientist. But there are
signs around the world, and I do know how to assess a risk.

Climate change poses clear, catastrophic threats. We may not agree on the
extent, but we certainly can't afford the risk of inaction.

We must transform the way we use energy - and not only because of climate
change. When I look around the world today, I see continued dependence on oil
from vulnerable regions - and oil money going to leaders of countries hostile to
us.

More, our audiences - hundreds of millions of people - care about this issue.
Three quarters of the American public believes climate change is a serious
problem - and the numbers are higher in many other countries.

And, as many companies have already learned, acting on this issue is simply good
business. Reducing our use of energy cuts costs. Inviting our employees to be
active on this issue helps us recruit and retain the world's best.

And for us, as a media company, this is a chance to deepen our relationships
with our viewers, readers and Web users.

The initiative we're launching today will involve every business, every
function. We're not a manufacturer or an airline, but we do use energy. Printing
and publishing newspapers, producing films, broadcasting TV signals, operating
24-hour newsrooms: It all adds carbon to the atmosphere.

Our first step was to measure our emissions of greenhouse gases - our carbon
footprint. Last year, it was 641,150 tons. This includes the electricity used in
all our operations globally, and any fuels we burned.

We could make a difference just by holding our emissions steady as our
businesses continue to grow. But that doesn't seem to be enough: We want to go
all the way to zero.

TODAY, I am announcing our intention to be carbon-neutral, across all our
businesses, by 2010.

British Sky Broadcasting Ltd. [a News Corp. unit] has already done this. When
all of News Corp. becomes carbon-neutral, it will have the same impact as
turning off the electricity in the city of London for five full days.

Our strategy: First, reduce our use of energy as much as possible. Then, switch
to renewable sources of power where it makes economic sense. And, over time, as
a last resort, offset the emissions we can't avoid.

This will take time, but we have already started:

* On the Fox lot in Los Angeles, we have completed three separate reviews of
energy use, and found some areas to address immediately. Just switching the
bulbs in our exit signs will reduce carbon emissions by 200 tons. That's equal
to 200 flights from New York to L.A.

* We've broken ground on the new Fox studios building that will be our first
U.S. building officially certified as achieving excellence in environmental
design.

* The New York Post has begun replacing lighting at its plant - and we'll do the
same at our headquarters.

* The award-winning Keith Murdoch House in Adelaide, opened two years ago, uses
40 percent less energy than a typical office building. It uses solar panels to
heat water, and collects rainwater from the roof to be re-used in the building.

As we upgrade and expand everywhere, building new data centers and office
buildings, from Bulgaria to India, from Chicago to Milan, we will always take
energy into account.

As we reduce our energy consumption, we are also buying electricity from sources
that use less carbon. Both News International and HarperCollins in the U.K. have
entered arrangements to buy renewable energy: 70 percent of News International's
electricity will now come from hydro plants in Scotland, saving 36,000 tons of
carbon next year alone - enough to fill 650 railroad cars with coal. These two
businesses have made such rapid progress that they'll be carbon-neutral by the
end of this year.

Some emissions will be unavoidable. As a last resort, we'll offset these
emissions. A carbon offset is a financial tool to support projects that prevent
carbon from being released into the atmosphere.

When our net emissions reach zero - via a combination of operational changes and
carbon offsets - we'll be carbonneutral. But that's only the start.

The climate problem won't be solved by one company reducing its emissions to
zero, nor by one government acting alone. It won't be solved without mass
participation by the general public in countries around the globe. And that's
where we come in.

WE can do something that's unique, different from just about any other company.
We can set an example - and we can reach our audiences.

Their carbon footprint is 10,000 times bigger than ours. That's the carbon
footprint we want to conquer.

We can't do it with gimmicks. We need to reach them in a sustained way. To weave
this issue into our content - make it dramatic, make it vivid, even sometimes
make it fun.

If we succeed in inspiring our audiences to reduce their own impacts on climate
change by just 1 percent, it would be like turning the state of California off
for almost two months.

And imagine if we were able to take on the carbon footprint of our audience in
Asia. Many of the most serious impacts of climate change will be felt there, and
China and India's emissions are rising rapidly. In India alone, we reach 100
million people.

The challenge is to revolutionize the message.

For too long, the threats of climate change have been presented as doom and
gloom -because the consequences are so serious. We need to do what our company
does best: make this issue exciting.

We can also do some things that are unexpected:

* SPEED, the network devoted to cars and motorcycles, is working on a project
that will peek into the future as transportation, fuels and motorsports go
green.

* "24" is committing to change the way the show is produced - using biodiesel
generators, and powering the studio with renewable energy.

* On July 7, a series of concerts around the world, the LiveEarth concerts, will
draw further attention to this issue - and Foxtel will be the exclusive
Australian broadcast partner for this event.

* MySpace has launched a channel dedicated to climate change: MySpace.com/
OurPlanet. What better way to enable young people to connect with each other and
engage on this issue?

Now, there are limits to how far we can push this issue in our content. Not
every hero on TV can drive a hybrid car.We must avoid preaching. And there has
to be substance behind the glitz. But if we are genuine, we can change the way
the public thinks about these issues.

THERE will always be journalists - including some of ours - who are skeptical,
which is natural and healthy. But the debate is shifting from whether climate
change is really happening to how to solve it. And when so many of the solutions
make sense for us as a business, it is clear that we should take action not only
as a matter of public responsibility, but because we stand to benefit.

Our company has always been about imagining the future and then making that
vision a reality. News was once a small publisher of newspapers in one region of
Australia.

There have always been those who doubted us - who doubted us when we expanded to
Great Britain, when we launched a fourth broadcast network in the United States,
when we launched a cable news network, when we bought MySpace . . .

And they have been proven wrong. At each step, we took a risk and re-invented
ourselves.

News Corp. today reaches people at home and at work; when they're thinking; when
they're laughing - and when they are making choices that have enormous impact.

The unique potential and duty of a media company are to help its audiences
connect to the issues that define our time.

We are only at the beginning of this mission, and we have a long way to go. As
we imagine the future, our responsibility now is to make that future our own.

I hope that each of you will continue to be inspired by that challenge, just as
I am. We have much to do.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A clear threat: New York City sits in a deep freeze after a
catastrophic climate shift in a shot from the film "The Day After Tomorrow."
(AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 9, 2007 Wednesday

MURDOCH AND KOCH PRINCES OF THE CITIES

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 104 words


News Corp. Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch and former Mayor Ed Koch were honored
last night with the Alexander Hamilton Award, in recognition of their help in
fostering the revitalization of the nation's cities.

The award is given annually by the Manhattan Institute, which named it after
Hamilton because he "believed the health of the nation hinged upon vibrant
cities."

The ceremony was held at Cipriani on East 42nd Street, and drew a glittering
crowd of New York powerbrokers.

Last year's honorees were former Mayor - and now GOP presidential hopeful - Rudy
Giuliani and author Tom Wolfe.

News Corp. owns The Post.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: N.Y. TITANS: Rupert Murdoch (left) and Ed Koch receive the Alexander
Hamilton Award last night. (N.Y. Post: Tamara Beckwith)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 5, 2007 Saturday

DOW JONES BID BRINGS SUIT

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 252 words


The first shareholder lawsuit surfaced yesterday over News Corp.'s $5 billion
bid for the Wall Street Journal empire.

A shareholder sued in Manhattan Supreme Court claiming that Bancroft family
members who control the media company acted "unlawfully" by not considering the
offer. News Corp. is the owner of The Post.

The suit, which is seeking a class action against family members, said they
"failed to exercise sound and proper business judgment" and "are not acting in
good faith and have deliberately breached their fiduciary duties" toward public
shareholders.

Filed by Nora Vides of Ridgefield, N.J., a small shareholder, the suit said the
family is "acting grossly disproportionately to any real or apparent threat."

Her lawyer, Robert Harwood, is seeking an injunction against a family rejection
of the deal.

"The family ought to at least allow the public shareholders to have a say in the
matter," Harwood said. "There is no reason the family couldn't separately
establish a board with oversight of the company to protect their assets."

Separately, in an apparent move to blunt certain legal actions, the trustees for
the family made a filling yesterday with the Securities and Exchange Commission
to shoot down any suggestions that the family members are "acting as a group."

Since family members collectively listened to the News Corp. bid presentation
April 24 by their Merrill Lynch advisers, family lawyers were concerned that
regulators would conclude that the family was acting as a group.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                               May 4, 2007 Friday

A HOUSE DIVIDED - BANCROFT HEIRS SPLIT ON MURDOCH'S $5B OFFER

BYLINE: PAUL THARP and ZACHERY KOUWE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 593 words


A Bancroft power couple - Sue and Christopher Bancroft - are being tugged from
their quiet philanthropic lives to help arbitrate a growing family conflict over
whether to sell their Wall Street Journal empire.

Experts say a sale could shore up the family's century-old but dwindling fortune
and reinvigorate it for the next century with infusions of millions for its 10
family branches.

A $5 billion bid by News Corp., owner of The Post, has triggered a feeding
frenzy on Wall Street for shares of the Wall Street Journal's parent company,
Dow Jones.

But for the three dozen family members, the offer has raised a divisive
conflict. While it could more than double their riches overnight, it also raises
concerns that an outsider might tamper with their media empire, which the family
allowed its editors to run alone - lock, stock and barrel - for nearly six
decades.

At center stage is Christopher Bancroft, 55, a lawyer by training who runs
private investments in Denton, Texas, a university town outside Dallas.

He occasionally speaks at council meetings of Denton's well-to-do-enclave of
Argyle. He lives there, but stays out of the limelight as he supports
philanthropic causes ranging from the arts to the environment. He holds a key
board seat at Dow Jones and controls 19 percent of the super-voting shares of
the family.

When savage floods two weeks ago washed out Denton's arts center, he wrote
checks to restore the place instead of waiting for government aid.

His wife, Sue Schrier Bancroft - an internationally acclaimed bassoonist - is
one of Texas' most high-profile advocates for the arts. George W. Bush named her
to the Texas Commission on the Arts while he was governor. Ever since, she's
roamed the state tapping the rich and powerful for millions to help the arts.

They married in their late 30s in 1990 while she was a music professor at North
Texas State University in Denton, a renowned music school. She performs with the
Dallas Symphony and Dallas Opera.

"She's brilliant," said one of her former students, Michael Cooke. "I was
dyslexic and couldn't do sight-reading of the music, but she devised a unique
way for me to read music properly, and also to do general reading. In a year, I
was reading perfectly and started making straight-A's."

Meanwhile, a campaign is underway to influence family members on the deal's pros
and cons. At the Wall Street Journal, a letter-writing campaign yesterday had
some reporters sending letters to various family members to oppose a sale.

Dow Jones has said that 52 percent of the super-voting shares of family members
are inclined to vote against the sale, but the board has tabled the matter for
now.

News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch has said that he expects to meet with members
of the Bancroft family soon to discuss News Corp.'s offer.

The two largest wings of the family are the Cox and Bancroft clans, with others
being the Stevenson, Robes, Steele, MacElree, Harrison, Herbert, Cook, Griffiths
and Meyer clans. Another unrelated family, the Ottaways, controls 6.2 percent of
the super-voting stock compared to 64 percent for the Bancrofts.

----

Family Journal

News Corp.'s $5B Dow Jones offer is putting the spotlight on the Bancrofts, who
are being wooed by both sides of the bid.

The Bancrofts up close

* Lawyer Michael Elefante reps 46% of the family's voting power, and has a seat
on DJ's board.

* There are 3 branches: descendants of Hugh Bancroft Jr., Jessie Cox and Jane
Cook.

* Younger Bancrofts like Elisabeth Goth are more likely to consider the offer.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chris Bancroft, left, a DJ director, and his wife, Sue. [Grace Saenz
Dickson]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 3, 2007 Thursday

STREET TILTS TO NEWS CORP. IN $5B BID

BYLINE: RODDY BOYD, JANET WHITMAN and ZACHERY KOUWE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 350 words


As Bancroft family members ponder their next steps as stewards of the Wall
Street Journal empire, Wall Street itself is urging them to take a hard look at
News Corp.'s surprise $60 per share takeover bid to enrich all stockholders.

Even though a Bancroft family trustee said last night that "approximately 52
percent of the outstanding voting power" has aligned against the proposal and
Dow Jones said its board would therefore take no action, Wall Street was not
discouraged about the likelihood of seeing some type of transaction, including
the emergence of competing bids.

The Bancroft family's initially cool reception to the $5 billion bid did not
rattle Dow Jones' stock price. The shares slipped 20 cents to $56 in trading
yesterday. It rocketed up $19.87 on Tuesday.

"The market doesn't believe it" will collapse, said a Wall Street source
familiar with Dow Jones' thinking. "The market either doesn't believe the family
or is confused."

With the Bancroft family's fortune nearly doubling overnight to more than $1.1
billion following News Corp.'s bid, pressure is building on the family's
principal trustee, philanthropist Chris Bancroft, 55, to keep its new wealth
intact.

In just two days, Wall Street's professional traders have taken control of
almost all the available common stock in hopes of profiting on a deal.

"Dow Jones' entire float has changed hands in the past two days and is now held
by hedge funds," according to a source familiar with the matter. These investors
include hard-nosed hedge-fund players who are loath to see the family scotch
such a lucrative deal.

But if the board ultimately rejects the News Corp. bid, hedge fund traders
involved in the trade told The Post that a case for litigation could be made on
the Bancroft family's willingness to sell stock as low as the mid-$30 range, yet
not accept a sharply higher bid.

News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch said Tuesday in a Fox News interview that he
plans to meet with family members in coming weeks, leaving open the prospect
that Bancroft family members can be persuaded to consider the proposal.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHRIS BANCROFT On the hot seat.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 2, 2007 Wednesday

$5B BID FOR WSJ - BANCROFTS WEIGH NEWS CORP.'S DOW JONES OFFER

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA and ZACHERY KOUWE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 621 words


Success for the $5 billion takeover bid News Corp. has made for Dow Jones hinges
on whether the offer will entice the controlling Bancroft family to seriously
weigh the offer.

While Dow Jones said yesterday that Bancroft family trusts controlling just over
50 percent of the vote are against the deal, sources said many of the younger
Bancrofts want to sell and it is the family's older generation that is against
the idea.

Of the roughly three dozen Bancroft family members who control 64 percent of the
vote at Dow Jones, at least 10 are known dissidents.

Indeed, part of the reason News Corp. is offering a 65 percent premium over Dow
Jones' recent stock price is to "make the offer incredibly compelling in the
eyes of the market," said one source familiar with News Corp.'s thinking.

Already, T. Rowe Price, which ranks as Dow Jones' largest shareholder with an 11
percent stake, said the price "seems fair."

The offer is so large that industry watchers say it most likely compels Dow
Jones' board to at least enter into negotiations with News Corp, which owns The
Post, as failure to do so may open the door for credible shareholder lawsuits
claiming Dow Jones' board failed in its fiduciary duty.

Bloomberg data shows that trading volume for Dow Jones stock was 45 times higher
than normal yesterday with a large amount of buying occurring at the end of the
day when the price was above $54 per share.

The company's shares swelled 55 percent, or $19.87, to close trading yesterday
at $56.20.

The increase adds another layer of concern for Dow Jones given that analysts
think its stock could plummet to below $35 if the bid is rejected.

Not only would yesterday's investors stand to lose, but longtime Dow Jones
investors, who voiced concerns about CEO Richard Zannino's pay at the last
shareholder meeting, would likely be riled, too.

News Corp.'s bid is believed to be high enough to dissuade any private equity
buyers from jumping into the fray, meaning that News Corp. has essentially
erased any competition for Dow Jones since strategic newspaper buyers don't have
the financial muscle to match or top the offer, banking sources say.

Sources said News Corp.'s strong balance sheet and rising stock price, combined
with low interest rates, means that the company has room to make an even sweeter
offer for Dow Jones.

Just as News Corp. is using a $5 billion run at Dow Jones to court a family with
controlling interest, private equity firms Blackstone Group and Providence
Equity Partners used a similar strategy to take advantage of the schism that
roiled newspaper company Freedom Communications' Hoiles family in 2003. At the
time, some members of that family's fourth generation wanted to cash out and
others preferred to continue running the business.

News Corp., which offered $60 per share for Dow Jones, has called on the banking
services of J.P. Morgan to help with the deal - the bank was responsible for
crafting the Freedom buyout.

With News Corp.'s MySpace testing a news aggregation service and Dow Jones'
strong online presence through both The Wall Street Journal Online and
MarketWatch, industry watchers say the move is a way to capture an even larger
share of the burgeoning online advertising market. Moreover, sources said that
News Corp. sees opportunities to extend The Journal's position as a top brand in
the U.S. around the globe.

Should the offer be accepted, Dow Jones, which currently suppplies content to
General Electric-owned CNBC, would likely provide content to Fox's planned
business channel.

---

Brand news

A $5B News Corp. acquisition of Dow Jones would add some of the most trusted
names in business news to the media giant.

Dow Jones - Close $56.20 (+$19.87)

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dow Jones logo.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             April 27, 2007 Friday

'IDOL' ENCORE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 79 words


THE evening didn't end when "Idol Gives Back" went off the air Wednesday night.
News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch invited all six contestants and host Ryan
Seacrest, guest-host Ellen DeGeneres, judge Simon Cowell, producer Richard
Curtis and Quincy Jones to his house in Los Angeles, where the contestants sang
a capella the Bono-Dave Stewart anthem, "American Prayer." The Fox special,
which drew a record 70 million votes, raised $60 million for worldwide poverty
relief.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 26, 2007 Monday

VIDEO'S LONG SHOT - VENTURE SEEN AS RISKY BET ON WEB USE

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 519 words


Underlying the online video joint venture between NBC and News Corp. is a risky
gamble that the Internet audience will evolve from watching short clips to a
long-form viewing culture.

While the as yet unnamed venture will feature shorts and clips, the primary
driver of the site is the full-length television episodes and movies that make
up both companies' content libraries.

NBC and News Corp., which owns The Post, appear to be betting that the next wave
of online video viewers will want professionally produced, long-form video
rather than user-generated, short, frenetic blasts of entertainment.

Others, however, are willing to lay serious odds that they won't.

"It is the height of arrogance for any media company to assume that regurgitated
content is what's going to work online," said one source familiar with the
venture. "They are going to find out what television is online, and it's not
going to be full episodes."

Said another source: "If such a shift happens it will be a watershed moment for
them, but if it doesn't then it will be their Waterloo."

Explaining his point, the source said that if the Web site can attract a large
audience, then both companies, and by extension the major media companies, would
gain leverage in negotiations with YouTube.

Conversely, if the venture fails to gain traction, then the media companies
inadvertently will have strengthened YouTube's hand.

It's worth noting that nine of the top 12 video sites in January were heavily
oriented toward clip viewing, according to comScore Video Metrix data. By
contrast, the bottom three - NBC, CBS Corp. and ABC.com - all feature more
full-length content.

Research has also shown that the vast majority of videos watched online are
under five minutes in length. And there's no getting around the fact that much
of the traffic to YouTube, MySpace and other video sites spikes during the
workday, when fast broadband connections allow for quick peaks at short clips.

There is, however, subtle signs of a shift taking hold as more linear television
content moves online.

According to Vivi Zigler, executive vice president of NBC Digital Entertainment,
the peacock network has streamed more than 80 million full episodes of its
content since launching NBC Rewind in October. NBC research shows that 60
percent of the site's users watch full episodes and the average time spent per
visit exceeds 30 minutes.

"As more of NBC's audience comes online, the more the profile of NBC.com looks
like the linear network," Zigler said.

While News Corp.'s Fox network doesn't release specific user metrics, it pointed
to data from Fox on Demand that showed users average 22 minutes per stream as
evidence of demand for long-form content.

To be sure, there is demand for long-form content. How much of a demand is what
will ultimately determine how successful the new venture becomes.

---

Picture players

Top video streaming sites

Site -- Unique visitors

1) Google sites 122.9M

YouTube 54.8M

2) Fox Interactive Media 48.7M

3) Yahoo! sites 41.6M

4) Time Warner Network 35.8M

5) Viacom Digital 24.4M

Source: comScore

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: YouTube logo.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 23, 2007 Friday

NEW VENTURE IS BACKED BY BIG AD BUCKS

BYLINE: HOLLY M. SANDERS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 287 words


While YouTube's audience is growing fast, it hasn't had as much luck enticing
advertisers.

A rival venture from News Corp. and NBC Universal could prove more amenable to
traditional brands unnerved by YouTube's unpredictable site and growing legal
battles.

Execs at News Corp. and NBC said the distribution network will deliver a massive
audience to advertisers along with "safe," professionally produced content.

Already several big companies - including Cadbury Schweppes, Cisco, Intel and
General Motors and Royal Caribbean - have signed on to the new site.

The media giants will make movies and full episodes of TV shows available on the
still unnamed site. They also struck deals with the big portals - Yahoo!, AOL,
MSN and MySpace - to distribute their content across the Internet in exchange
for a cut of the ad revenue.

"This will be the largest advertising platform on earth," News Corp. chief Peter
Chernin said in a conference call.

Meanwhile, YouTube is struggling to make inroads with advertisers intent on
avoiding anything that might offend consumers. The popular site, which Google
purchased for $1.65 billion, took in just $15 million in revenue last year,
according to one analyst's estimate.

"The problem is we look at the uncontrolled environment YouTube offers," said
T.S. Kelly, research director at interactive ad agency Media Contacts, part of
media-buying shop MPG. "It's a bit of a Wild West. There isn't that control over
the questionable themes on the site."

Marketers are also concerned about getting caught in the crossfire between
YouTube and established media players. Viacom is suing YouTube over copyright
issues after demanding the removal of 100,000 pirated clips from its site.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 23, 2007 Friday

IT'S OURTUBE - NBC, FOX PLAN MAY MORPH ACROSS BIG MEDIA

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 431 words


As News Corp. and NBC Universal prepare for the summertime launch of Big Media's
long-anticipated video site, other major media companies are expected to jump
into the mix.

CBS, Time Warner, Sony and Viacom are seen as likely candidates to join the
yet-to-be-named service, as all four companies were involved in early
discussions surrounding the landmark entertainment enterprise.

News Corp. President and Chief Operating Officer Peter Chernin said as much
during yesterday's announcement of the new video service.

"We hope it [will] be the biggest video distribution network on the Web. We are
in discussions with other content holders."

News Corp., which owns the Fox television network and the Twentieth Century Fox
film studio, also publishes The Post.

Yesterday's announcement ends speculation about media companies rolling out
their own version of YouTube, which has triggered copyright worries among media
players.

One reason others have shied away from the venture so far is that under current
plans News Corp. and NBC have program distribution oversight.

"Not being in control of our own content's destiny - and being at the mercy of
Fox and NBC to decide how it is distributed - didn't seem smart to us," said a
rival media company executive. "If they show more flexibility on that point,
then we might join."

For now, the venture will be 50-50 owned by News Corp. and NBC. New partners can
join via a financial commitment or by supplying content. News Corp. and NBC also
will kick in an undisclosed amount of cash for marketing and promotion.

The planned Web site will likely be built with a partner. Sling Media, which
makes tools that enables video to be uploaded and e-mailed, has offered to host
the site, a source said.

The new video service will feature full episodes and clips from such shows as
"Heroes" and "24." Films include "Little Miss Sunshine" and "The Devil Wears
Prada."

User-generated content won't be part of the Web site at first.

Content will be initially distributed through the Web sites AOL, MSN, MySpace
and Yahoo!.

While the new venture will compete with YouTube, News Corp. and NBC deny they're
out to destroy the former upstart.

"This is not a YouTube killer," News Corp.'s Chernin said. "If it was, we would
have no distribution partners."

with Holly Sanders

----

Video stars

By teaming up in a content deal with the leading online players, News Corp. and
NBC Universal are setting their sights on Google's YouTube.

Online partners

* AOL

* MSN

* Yahoo!

* MySpace

Charter advertisers

* Cadbury

* Cisco

* Esurance

* Intel

* GM

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fox's "24" (left), NBC's "My Name Is Earl" (above) and "Little Miss
Sunshine" (top) by Fox Searchlight.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            March 21, 2007 Wednesday

VENTURE IN CHINA THWARTS PIRATES

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 209 words


Billionaire tech publisher Patrick McGovern has quietly teamed with Hearst Corp.
and News Corp. to form a new venture in China that plans to make movies, DVDs
and computer and virtual-reality games for the Chinese market.

One key component of the plan will be to thwart pirates by releasing movies at
the same time as the DVDs and pay-per-view TV hits the marketplace.

In the past, the lag time between the commercial release of a film in theatres
and its release as a DVD some months later allowed for a thriving black market.

The venture, known as the China New Media Fund, has a total of $50 million in
backing from the three media giants. News Corp. is the parent company of The
Post.

McGovern told The Post in an exclusive interview that one of the aims of the
fund would be to make movies for simultaneous release in theatres, DVDs, and on
pay-per-view cable.

"This is our pilot fund," said McGovern. "We'll probably do five or six films
with that fund, and then we'll see about doing a second fund of around $150
million," he said.

McGovern said the fund also hopes that some of the content will be used for
"computer games and virtual-reality games."

The joint fund is being administered by Hugo Shong, managing director of IDG
Asia.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PATRICK McGOVERN Smart move.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 8, 2007 Thursday

FOX RERUN FOR FAWCETT

BYLINE: Post staff

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 63 words


News Corp. yesterday named Dan Fawcett as president of digital media for its Fox
Entertainment Group, effective immediately.

The appointment marks a return to Fox for Fawcett, who earlier served as an
executive vice president for business and legal affairs at Fox Cable Networks
before joining DirecTV in a similar capacity three years ago. News Corp. owns
both Fox and The Post.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 8, 2007 Thursday

REVENUE UP 18% AT NEWS CORP.

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 262 words


Boosted by box-office hits "Borat" and "The Devil Wears Prada," News Corp.
yesterday reported a 24 percent gain in second-quarter operating income.

Revenue at the media conglomerate - owner of The Post, movie studio 20th Century
Fox, Fox Cable Channel and MySpace - rose 18 percent to $7.84 billion, coming in
ahead of the $7.4 billion expected by Wall Street. Operating income totaled $1.1
billion.

Net income for the quarter slipped to 26 cents, or $822 million, down from 33
cents, or $1.08 billion, but the year-ago profits got a $381 million lift from
the sale of an educational-publishing business.

Excluding that one-time gain, profits would have been up 18 percent in the
quarter.

News Corp.'s movie and DVD business was the strongest performer in the quarter,
with profits surging 57 percent to $470 million on strong box-office sales and
home-video hits such as "Little Miss Sunshine," "24" and "Prison Break."

The company's television division reported a 39 percent decline in operating
income to $112 million, hurt in part by poor ratings for Major League Baseball's
post season on Fox and weaker-than-expected ratings at MyNetworkTV, a broadcast
network introduced last year.

News Corp. expects fortunes at Fox to turn dramatically now that the smash
series "American Idol" has returned for a new season.

The company also is committed to reversing the poor performance at MyNetworkTV
by overhauling management and introducing new programming.

In anticipation of a strong second half, News Corp.'s stock gained 2 percent, or
49 cents, to $24.64 a share.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           January 24, 2007 Wednesday

TRIBUNE BIDDING - NEWS CORP. JOINS CHANDLERS IN PAPER CHASE

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN and ZACHERY KOUWE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 365 words


News Corp., publisher of The Post, is teaming up with the Chandler family on a
bid for Tribune Co., the Chicago newspaper giant that put itself on the block
last year, sources said.

News Corp. is believed to be particularly interested in acquiring a small stake
in Tribune's Long Island newspaper Newsday, which could combine certain
back-office operations with The Post, resulting in significant cost savings. A
deal with Newsday could also result in advertising cross-selling in the metro
market.

The talks were reported earlier by the Financial Times.

The Chandler family, which owns a 20 percent stake in Tribune, pushed the
company to put itself up for sale in September, saying it could fetch more than
$40 a share.

At last week's auction deadline, the Chandlers ended up putting in a preliminary
bid themselves, along with private-equity backers, that valued Tribune at $31.70
a share.

The shares ended regular trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange at
$30.10, down 16 cents.

The Chandlers said last week they were also in talks with unnamed strategic
bidders on a proposal to buy Tribune's newspapers, including the Los Angeles
Times and Chicago Tribune, and the Chicago Cubs baseball team.

Under the plan, Tribune would spin off its television stations, while the
Chandlers aim to own a 51 percent stake in the newspapers, and its co-investors,
including News Corp. and others, the remaining stake.

News Corp. would be prohibited from owning Newsday outright because of Federal
Communications Commission media ownership caps.

The media conglomerate chaired by Rupert Murdoch had to obtain a waiver from the
FCC to own The Post because it already owned Channel 5 in New York.

Tribune, led by Chairman and CEO Dennis FitzSimons, also received a bid from
West Coast billionaires Ron Burkle and Eli Broad, who proposed a complex
recapitalization plan said to value the company $34 a share.

Private-equity firm the Carlyle Group offered to buy Tribune's TV stations.

After receiving the three offers, Tribune's special committee said it would
consider the proposals, but may go back to the drawing board with its own
initiatives to boost its sputtering stock price.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DENNIS FITZSIMONS Tribune chief.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           January 18, 2007 Thursday

REGAN UNIT SET TO CLOSE

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 87

LENGTH: 78 words


HarperCollins said yesterday it will shutter its controversial Regan Books unit,
closing the Los Angeles office on March 1 and scrapping a controversial novel
about Mickey Mantle.

Judith Regan, the former head who had pushed the O.J. Simpson confessional novel
"If I Did It," was fired in December for allegedly making anti-Semitic remarks.
Regan's lawyer, Bert Fields, denied his client made such remarks.

The firm is owned by News Corp., which also owns The Post.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            January 16, 2007 Tuesday

TMZ INKS DEAL WITH FOX FOR TV SHOW

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 335 words


TMZ.com, the celebrity news Web site that made Lindsay Lohan and "firecrotch"
synonymous, is coming to television.

The Web site, owned by Time Warner, announced late yesterday a deal with Fox
Television to create an eponymous daily, half-hour show that will air on all 35
Fox-owned television stations beginning this fall, including in New York, Los
Angeles and Chicago, the nation's top three television markets (News Corp. owns
both Fox Television and The Post).

In the year since its launch, TMZ.com's mix of short, colorful bursts of
celebrity news often accompanied by paparazzi photographs and video reels has
made it the go-to place for exposing celebrity foibles.

A post yesterday on favorite target Tara Reid illustrates the TMZ formula
perfectly - included under a headline that read "The Sky Is Falling! Tara Reid
Looks Hot!" was a few short paragraphs about the star vacationing in Australia
along with a picture of her in a bikini on the beach as well as a video reel
titled "Bad Asses" that showed some of Hollywood's more unattractive backsides
in succession.

That formula has made TMZ.com, which was born out of the defunct cable news show
"Celebrity Justice," the most popular celebrity news destination on the Web,
attracting more than 6 million unique monthly visitors and beating out such
competitors as E! Online, TVGuide.com and People.com.

Rather than tailor the new show along the lines of "Entertainment Tonight" or
other celebrity newsmagazines, the television extension is expected to maintain
the same unfiltered look at celebrities and no-holds-barred sensibility of the
Web site, according to Hilary Estey McLoughlin, president of Telepictures
Productions, which is producing the show.

McLoughlin said the show will target the 18-34 year old viewer and will skew
more heavily male than some of their TV counterparts.

The time period in which the show airs will be up to Fox but McLoughlin said it
will air in high profile slots.

Financial terms of the deal were not released.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           December 23, 2006 Saturday

LIBERTY, NEWS CORP. INK DEAL

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 227 words


Putting an end to two years of wrangling, Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. and John
Malone's Liberty Media have agreed to an $11 billion asset swap, a pact that
will reinforce Murdoch's control of his company.

Under the long-anticipated deal announced yesterday, News Corp. will acquire
Liberty's 16.3 percent stake in News Corp. In exchange, Liberty will get the
media conglomerate's 38.4 percent stake in satellite-television broadcaster
DirecTV, three regional sports channels and $550 million in cash.

The two companies have been negotiating since 2004, when Liberty suddenly
amassed a 19 percent voting stake in News Corp., a surprise move that was viewed
by observers as a potential threat to Murdoch's control. It has been considered
a major overhang on News Corp.'s share price.

News Corp., which publishes The New York Post, said it plans to scrap its
so-called poison pill, the anti-takeover device the company implemented after
learning that Liberty had increased its stake.

The Murdoch family currently controls News Corp. through a 31 percent voting
stake. Once the deal with Liberty is completed, their stake will increase to
nearly 39 percent.

Meanwhile, Malone, a one-time cable kingpin, is poised to regain some of the
prominence he lost in the media business in 1999 when he sold his then-dominant
cable company Tele-Communications to AT&T.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           December 16, 2006 Saturday

JUDITH REGAN GETS THE BOOT

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 113 words


O.J. Simpson's would-be publisher, Judith Regan, has been fired from
HarperCollins.

"Judith Regan's employment with HarperCollins has been terminated effective
immediately," HarperCollins CEO Jane Friedman said in a statement last night.
Regan's firing comes a month after News Corporation CEO Rupert Murdoch's
cancellation of O.J. Simpson's hypothetical murder confession, "If I Did It,"
which also included a TV interview with the former NFL superstar that was pulled
before it aired. Regan has headed the ReganBooks imprint since 1994 and has
published a long list of best sellers, including José Canseco's "Juiced" and
Jenna Jameson's "How to Make Love Like a Porn Star."

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 21, 2006 Tuesday

O.J. BOOK DEAL GETS AX - 'TELL-ALL' AND FOX SPECIAL ARE SCRAPPED AS HONCHOS SOUR
ON TASTELESS 'JUICE'

BYLINE: KATE SHEEHY

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1048 words


O.J. Simpson's explosive new book, "If I Did It" - and an accompanying TV
sit-down in which he "hypothetically" details how he brutally murdered his wife
and her pal - were both put out of their misery yesterday.

The move by News Corp. to nix the publication and upcoming interview by the
despicable ex-grid great came after more than a week of national outrage fueled
by the victims' furious families.

"I and senior management agree with the American public that this was an
ill-considered project," News Corp. Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch said in a
statement. "We are sorry for any pain this has caused the families of Ron
Goldman and Nicole Brown Simpson."

Some copies of the book, which had been selling strongly in pre-orders, had
already been shipped to stores but will be recalled and disposed of, company
officials said.

Simpson, 59, refused to comment on the decision "until I know legally where I
stand."

"I would like nothing better than to straighten out some things that have been
mischaracterized. But I think I'm legally muzzled at this point," Simpson said.

His lawyer, Yale Galanter, wasn't so reticent. He described his client as
"indifferent" to the project falling through, but added:

"Nobody's happier than me that it's been canceled. It should never have been a
project to begin with."

Galanter also insisted that Simpson didn't really want to do it in the first
place, anyway.

"Who would really get up and say, 'This is really a great project?' " Galanter
said.

"I think this was something he [Simpson] had a lot of trepidation about to begin
with, and the fact that it's over is good. I think he realized it was in bad
taste."

Goldman's father, Fred, said he was thankful that those behind the project
"finally got the message."

"We want to say thank you to everyone in this country who raised their voice and
stood up for what was right," he said on CNN's "Larry King Live" last night.

But Goldman scoffed at Galanter's claim that Simpson was "indifferent" about his
axed moneymaking scheme.

"I doubt that very much," Goldman said. "[Simpson] missed his chance to be in
the limelight. I wouldn't believe he was indifferent for a minute."

Ron Goldman's sister, Kim, predicted that the book and interview would see the
light of day anyway.

"It's going to end up in somebody's hands, and we'll see [them] on the
Internet," she told King, later welling up with tears recalling her brother who,
with Nicole, was murdered in June 1994.

Mediaweek TV analyst Marc Berman hailed News Corp.'s decision to yank the
project, calling Simpson "a guy looking to make money, and finally, somebody
took a stand and said, 'No, we're not doing this.'

"He doesn't deserve to be given this kind of attention at this point. . . . You
have to sometimes have a moral backbone and say, 'We're not going to stoop to
this level.' "

The book was published by ReganBooks, a division of Harper Collins, which News
Corp. owns. News Corp. also owns Fox and The Post.

ReganBooks chief Judith Regan conducted the sit-down with Simpson, which was set
to air during the networks' crucial sweeps week later this month. It was titled
"If I Did It, Here's How It Happened."

The former grid great was acquitted of murdering his estranged wife and Goldman
in a 1995 trial that riveted the nation. Two years later, a civil-court jury
found him liable for their deaths.

In his interview with Regan, the reviled Simpson started crying like a baby,
saying, "I can't do this. I can't have my kids hear me say this," as he
recounted how he "might have" killed Brown Simpson and Goldman.

Regan has said she considered her dealings with Simpson to be his "confession."

When the embattled publisher was battered by outrage over what many said was
free publicity for a murderer, she tried to defend herself by saying she had a
personal reason to let him ramble: Like Nicole, she was a battered woman.

"I did the book and sat face-to-face with the killer because I wanted him and
the men who broke my heart and your [other abuse victims'] hearts to tell the
truth," she said in a statement last week.

The uber-publisher said she didn't pay Simpson any money for the book, instead
contracting the rights through "a third party."

It has been reported that the deal was worth about $3.5 million. It was not
immediately clear yesterday what, if anything, Simpson may have received up
front or could receive, even though the project was yanked.

Regan had said she was told any money from the book would only go to his kids.
But her defense of the deal fell on deaf ears.

By the end of the weekend, a dozen of Fox's own affiliates announced they would
not air her interview.

Regan's representative did not return a phone message or e-mail yesterday.

The Goldmans' lawyer, Jonathan Polak, disputed Regan's claim that the book's
profits were going to go to Simpson's kids with Nicole - Sydney, 21, and Justin,
18.

"We find it highly suspect that a publisher would think that a book that could
otherwise be titled 'If I Killed Your Mother, Here's How I Did It' would be
beneficial to the children," Polak said.

"We will trace the money, find out where the money went, and if it went to where
it shouldn't have gone, hold the people accountable who hid it and misdirected
it," the lawyer said.

"I think a number of people are going to have to answer a lot of questions in
the court process, including Judith Regan."

Robert Thompson, a top media professor at Syracuse University, slammed the idea
behind the book but added that it could have had one redeeming value - had it
actually elicited a full-blown confession.

"Murdoch said this was 'ill-conceived.' The first response is, 'You think?' "
Thompson said. "The title is the most tasteless and macabre idea in history. It
was a really, really, really, really bad idea."

Still, "if this, in fact, was going to be strangely titled but yield a
confession, then it might have been newsworthy," the professor said. "It's hard
to judge."

Additional reporting by David K. Li and Post Wire Services

---

'I and senior management agree with the American public that this was an
illconsidered project. We are sorry for any pain this has caused the families of
Ron Goldman and Nicole Brown Simpson.'  - Rupert Murdoch, News Corp. chairman
and CEO

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: O.J. Simpson had taped an interview (far left) about how he
"hypothetically" would have killed ex-wife Nicole Brown (near left), and was to
release a book (above) with publisher Judith Regan (right).  [Michael Yarish /
Fox; AP; Globe Photos Inc.]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 9, 2006 Thursday

NEWS CORP POSTS $843M Q1 PROFIT

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 66

LENGTH: 308 words


News Corp. yesterday reported that it swung to a profit of $843 million for the
fiscal first quarter, driven by continued strength at its cable networks unit
and a one-time gain from an asset sale.

A year ago, the company, which owns The Post, reported a loss of $433 million
because of a $1 billion charge at its television station division.

On a per-share basis, News Corp.'s profit for the three months ended Sept.

30 was 27 cents, compared with a year-earlier loss of 13 cents a share.

Revenue for the quarter rose 4.1 percent to $5.9 billion.

News Corp., also the parent of MySpace and HarperCollins, reported healthy
growth at the company's cable network operation, which includes the Fox News
Channel, FX and Speed.

The division's operating income jumped 26 percent to $249 million in the
quarter.

News Corp. recently signed its first carriage agreement for the nascent Fox
Business Channel with Comcast Corp., the nation's largest cable operator.

The company's filmed entertainment division, meanwhile, reported a 35 percent
decline in operating income to $239 million from $368 million.

"While our film segment faced difficult comparisons with a year ago, our
theatrical successes over the past six months are poised to generate significant
returns in the quarters ahead as these titles are distributed across additional
distribution platforms," said News Corp.

Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch.

Murdoch was referring to the Nov. 21 DVD release of "Ice Age: The Meltdown,"
which had a theatrical gross of more than $600 million, as well as upcoming
releases for "The Devil Wears Prada" and "Little Miss Sunshine." News Corp. Web
sites, led by MySpace.com, now rank second in the U.S. in total page views and
fifth in unique visitors.

News Corp. shares rose 29 cents to $21.86 in Big Board trading. They are up 31.6
percent this year.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 2, 2006 Thursday

E-LECTION DAY HITS INTERNET - POLS RUN ONTO WEB

BYLINE: SAM GUSTIN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 491 words


DAYS before an election that could dramatically alter the power structure of the
government, political campaigns are racing to maximize the mushrooming influence
of the Internet.

From YouTube, the Web video phenom bought by Google for $1.65 billion, to
MySpace, the online community, which, like The Post, is owned by News Corp.,
politics is moving online, as savvy politicians harness the power of viral
marketing and Web video.

"This is the embryonic start of what are going to be massive changes over the
next 20 years," said Robert Thompson, director of the Center for the Study of
Popular Television at Syracuse University. "YouTube is a way of getting national
exposure on a completely free distribution system."

He said YouTube has "trumped the 24-hour cable news cycle, and everybody is
trying to get a piece of the action.

"It's mind-blowing that it seemed to happen so fast," he added, noting that
YouTube is less than two years old.

During the 2004 election, television ad spending amounted to $1.5 billion, while
Internet ad spending that year was $25.3 million - an astonishing 853.8 percent
increase from 2000, according to PQ Media.

Those amounts may grow this cycle, despite the fact that this is an off-year,
non-presidential election.

Politicians such as Sen. Ted Kennedy (D-Mass.) and Ned Lamont, who is running to
unseat incumbent Connecticut Sen. Joe Lieberman, have begun crafting ads
specifically designed for the Web.

Lamont's spot shows him horsing around with his kids, while Kennedy delivers a
stentorian lecture on the importance of 'net neutrality.

Meanwhile, some TV ads that began in local markets are immediately going
national on YouTube, such as the controversial spots used in the hotly contested
Senate race in Tennessee between Rep. Harold Ford, Jr. (D-Tenn.) and Republican
Bob Corker.

In fact, Thompson said a controversial attack ad claiming Ford takes money from
the porn industry and likes to hang out with strippers seemed designed with the
YouTube audience in mind.

"There is an aesthetic for Internet ads that is totally different than
television ads," Thompson said, referring to the cheeky and sarcastic edge that
attracts young viewers.

But Ford, who is 36, is trying to harness the Web too - boasting a MySpace page
that has over 2000 "friends," declares that his heroes are "teachers, first
responders and farmers," and notes that his favorite music is "everything."

The question dawning on political campaigns, Thompson said, is, "Why put all
this money into paid ad buys when you can just go viral?"

At a minimum, politicians need to be aware that in the YouTube era, the world is
literally watching, and thus off-color gaffes such as Virginia GOP Sen. George
Allen's description of a rival's staffer using a racial epithet, become Web
sensations.

"Twenty years ago, they called young people the MTV generation," said Thompson.
"They're going to call this the YouTube generation."

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 31, 2006 Tuesday

READERS PUT POST ON TOP - SHARING THE LOVE: MADONNA, ALEC, ED KOCH, JOAN, YOKO -
AND YOU

BYLINE: BILL HOFFMANN, JENNIFER FERMINO, DAVID K. LI and ANDY SOLTIS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1181 words


Thank you, New York!

The New York Post made newspaper history yesterday, leapfrogging the Daily News
and The Washington Post to become the fifth-largest paper in the country - and
it's all thanks to you.

The Post reported a circulation jump of 5.1 percent, to a whopping 704,011
copies a day Monday to Friday for the six months ended Sept. 30. That's up
34,348 copies from a year ago - and an astounding 274,369 copies a day from 10
years ago.

"This is a great and historic day for The Post," said Rupert Murdoch, chairman
and chief executive officer of News Corp., which owns The Post.

"We have created a newspaper with a unique voice that reflects the heart and
soul of New York, and today's publisher's statement, which for the first time
places us ahead of the Daily News and in the top five newspapers in the country,
is a testament to the vitality of the paper and the cherished role it plays in
the life of this city."

The new circulation figures, reported in a publisher's statement and subject to
audit, prove what savvy New Yorkers have known for years - the Daily News is
yesterday's news.

The News' circulation has steadily declined from the nearly 1.3 million copies
it sold daily in 1986 - about twice the circulation of The Post at the time - to
only 693,382 reported yesterday.

"This is a joyous occasion for the paper and its readers," Post Editor-in-Chief
Col Allan said, adding that the secret of the paper's success was simple: Give
the people what they want.

"The first question we ask every morning is: What do our readers - our bosses -
want to see in tomorrow's paper?" he said. "And then we get it for them - the
best sports in town, great gossip and features, hard-hitting news, and opinion
that shapes the debate."

Post readers - the famous, the infamous and the just plain Joes - were quick to
offer up their congratulations on the stunning circulation breakthrough.

"To a paper that is as filthy as my mind - congratulations!" said Madonna, who
had just landed in the Big Apple with her newly expanded family.

"Congratulations!" echoed Yoko Ono.

Author Dominick Dunne, chronicler of the rich and the scandalous, said he was
genuinely surprised to hear The Post had beaten the News.

"I thought it was already in first place," he said. "It's been a front-runner
for me for a long time. I read all the papers every morning, but I always start
my day with The Post. It excites me."

Our loyal and ever-growing army of readers is the reason The Post has been able
to keep our circulation going north while others are going south. The only
papers bigger than us now are USA Today, The Wall Street Journal, The New York
Times and the Los Angeles Times.

And they'd better watch out, because The Post is gunning for them now.

"We're not done yet," said Allan. "This is the most exciting and vibrant
newspaper in the country, and our readers know it - that's why they keep
spreading the word and we keep getting bigger."

Even the targets of the occasional Post barb - who know we love them deep down -
couldn't help but congratulate us on the big news.

"Congratulations on a job well done - 365 days of valuable information! We love
the New York Post," said Lizzie Grubman.

"What would New York be without Page Six?" said Alec Baldwin.

And it wasn't just celebrities who were celebrating The Post's success yesterday
- it was our readers, the people who make us the best paper in the city.

"The Post keeps me updated," said Nancy Beresford, 18, of The Bronx. "There's a
lot more info than in other papers. I understand everything that's going on."

Dennis Nobrega, a security guard at Bryant Park, said he loved the daily
round-up of cops and robbers. "I like the Blotter. It keeps me informed about
neighborhood crime," the Brooklynite said.

In yesterday's figures reported to the Audit Bureau of Circulations, most
newspapers saw big drops - with the Los Angeles Times falling 8 percent, the
Miami Herald down 8.8 percent, and The New York Times down 3.5 percent.

Former Daily News Editor-in-Chief Ed Kosner said he and the rest of the brass at
the city's second-fiddle newspaper knew the writing was on the wall a few years
ago - he even forecast The Post overtaking the News in his memoirs.

"In my book, I predicted this would happen right about now," he said yesterday.

Post fans said the paper is simply a "must-read" for anyone who lives in the
city.

"It's alive. The paper is terrific," said former Mayor Ed Koch. "I start reading
newspapers at 5 in the morning every day, and reading The Post is like getting
that fresh, first wonderful cup of coffee. That's what it's like reading the New
York Post!"

Joan Rivers said she, too, is a longtime Post fan. "I've been reading The Post
since it was on papyrus," she quipped. "I love gossip."

Throughout the day, word of The Post's circulation landmark was flashed to
passers-by in Times Square through the giant News Astrovision by Panasonic
screen.

And Dick Wolf, the creator and producer of the "Law & Order" empire, called in
from Canada to get in his two cents: "I read The Post first. Where else would I
get my stories?"

----

Total paid circulation (chart: Sept. '00 - Sept. '06)

New York Post: 704,011

Daily News: 693,382

TOP 10 REASONS THE POST BEAT THE NEWS

10. We know where the headless bodies are buried.

9. Andrea Peyser is the scourge of New York. Who's afraid of Lenore Skenazy?

8. The Daily News' color is so bad, Big Blue looks like Gang Green.

7. Page Six, bitches!

6. Our reality show would never be canceled.

5. We break news - they break promises and don't pay contest winners.

4. Cindy Adams, Michael Riedel and Spider-Man work for us.

3. We didn't fire Joe Torre.

2. The Post melts in your mind, not on your hands.

1. The Daily News has actually bored a lot of its readers to death.

Top newspapers by daily circulation

1. USA Today 2,269,509

2. The Wall Street Journal 2,043, 235

3. The New York Times 1,086,798

4. Los Angeles Times 775,766

5. NEW YORK POST 704,011

6. New York Daily News 693,382

7. The Washington Post 656,297

8. Chicago Tribune 576,132

9. Houston Chronicle 508,097

10. Newsday 413,579

Best wishes from Madonna

'To a paper that is as filthy as my mind. Congratulations!'

We asked New Yorkers, from celebrities to our treasured everyday readers, why
The Post is a must for them.

"No one can ruin my day quite like the Post. What would New York be without Page
Six?" - ALEC BALDWIN

''The Post always has the wacky stories that you just wouldn't read anywhere
else" - ABBY BERGER

"It's alive. The paper is terrific ... Reading The Post is like getting that
fresh, first cup of coffee." - ED KOCH

"The Post gets right down to it. They pull no punches. That's the way it should
be." - PHIL CASAMENTO

"I wish I could say I helped you guys, but I've been stealing The Post from my
neighbor's door for years." - JOAN RIVERS

"I look at The Post for the top stories. The coverage of 9/11 was very good." -
VANESSA OQUENDO

"If I didn't read The Post, how else would I know what's going on at 'SNL'?" -
LORNE MICHAELS

4-PAGE SOUVENIR PULLOUT PAGES 45, 46, 47 & 48

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Madonna, Alec Baldwin, Abby Berger, Ed Koch, Phil Casamento, Joan
Rivers, Vanessa Oquendo, Lorne Michaels. -TALK OF THE TOWN: Times Square is
abuzz yesterday over The Post's story on the News Astrovision by Panasonic
screen.  [Josh Williams] -Madonna, Alec Baldwin, Abby Berger, Ed Koch, Phil
Casamento, Joan Rivers, Vanessa Oquendo, Lorne Michaels.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 26, 2006 Thursday

NIELSEN'S TIFF WITH FOX ENDS

BYLINE: HOLLY M. SANDERS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 205 words


News Corp. ended a dispute with Nielsen, the dominant provider of TV ratings,
over the accuracy of its audience measurement under a new eight-year pact.

The two battled after Nielsen decided a couple of years ago to install
electronic meters in sample households to measure viewing instead of having
people keep handwritten records.

After a drop in viewership for its Fox stations, News Corp. complained that the
new system undercounted minority viewers and jeopardized programming for them.
That drew the attention of black leaders, who jumped into the fray with Nielsen.

Without disclosing the financial terms, News Corp. said yesterday that it signed
a contract to get Nielsen ratings for most of its media properties, including
Fox News, the Fox broadcast network and satellite company DirecTV.

News Corp. also owns The Post.

Under the deal, Nielsen agreed to invest $50 million to boost participation
among younger and minority viewers in its sample households.

"We're very pleased to put our differences with Nielsen behind us and to usher
in a new era of constructive and even deeper relations between our two
companies," Gary Ginsberg, News Corp.'s executive vice president of corporate
affairs, said in a statement.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              236 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 10, 2006 Tuesday

-FOX WILL BROADCAST AT ONE TIMES SQUARE (M) -FOX TAKES TIMES SQ. (S, LCF)

BYLINE: HOLLY M. SANDERS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 169 words


News Corp. will broadcast its sports and entertainment programming live in Times
Square after locking up a lease for one of the splashiest big screens in the
ad-filled area.

The media giant signed a 10-year lease, along with co-sponsor and consumer
electronics maker Panasonic, for the 1,400-square- foot Astrovision screen at
One Times Square. The companies didn't disclose the financial terms.

Like other advertisers with blaring billboards and flashing signs, News Corp. is
seeking to promote its shows and other media properties in a high-visibility
area where millions of people pass through every day.

News Corp.'s Fox broadcast and cable channels will show at least three hours of
programming each day on the screen, including morning shows like "Fox & Friends"
and the "Fox Report with Shepard Smith."

It also plans to deliver live feeds from Fox Sports that could include major
sporting events like Major League Baseball's World Series and Nascar's Daytona
500.

The Post is a division of News Corp.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              237 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 5, 2006 Thursday

FOX BIRTHDAY BASH RATES A 10

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 113 words


Fox News Channel and friends got the red-carpet treatment last night as scores
of celebrities, newsmakers and news breakers turned out to celebrate the top
cable news network's 10th anniversary.

Hosting the soiree outside Fox News Channel's Sixth Avenue headquarters were FNC
chief Roger Ailes and News Corp. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Rupert
Murdoch. Talk-show favorites on hand included Bill O'Reilly, Greta Van Susteren,
Shepard Smith, Sean Hannity and Alan Colmes. Also among the star-studded crowd
were Mayor Bloomberg and Olympic skater Oxana Baiul, Giants running back Tiki
Barber, actors Fran Drescher, Jesse Martin, Kathie Lee Gifford and, of course,
The Donald.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Giants superstar running back Tiki Barber meets Fox superstar Greta Van
Susteren last night at the top-rated cable news channel's 10th anniversary bash.
(Dave Allocca/Startraks)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 29, 2006 Friday

NEWS CORP. ADDS WEEKLIES

BYLINE: KEITH J. KELLY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 248 words


News Corp. completed the purchase of two weekly newspaper chains in Brooklyn and
Queens that between them publish more than 30 titles.

Executives said the company is still eyeing additional weekly newspaper chains.

News Corp. - The Post's parent company - acquired Courier-Life Publications,
which publishes the 105,000-circulation Caribbean Life. The other 11 papers in
the chain, predominantly Brooklyn-based publications such as the Bay News, have
a combined circulation of 90,000.

In addition, Courier-Life produces some titles in Staten Island and a variety of
periodicals including family guides and bar mitzvah and wedding publications.

News Corp. also bought TimesLedger Newspapers, whose 16 Queens weeklies have a
circulation of about 50,000.

"There are two levels of news: the city news that the New York Post covers and
the local neighborhoods - and that's what these papers cover," said Les
Goodstein, a senior vice president of News Corp.

Goodstein said the acquisition will allow advertisers to get further penetration
into Brooklyn and Queens, which have been traditional strongholds of The Post's
arch rival, the New York Daily News.

Courier-Life started in 1945 when co-founder Edward Luster was a student at New
York University. He and his wife, Rhoda - who were still co-owners until
yesterday's sale - had turned over day-to-day operations to their son Cliff
Luster.

He shares the title of co-publisher with Dan Holt. Both will remain under the
new ownership.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 7, 2006 Thursday

NEW FACE ATOP VF'S POWER LIST

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 471 words


Rupert Murdoch has bumped the two young Google founders from the top spot among
Vanity Fair's ranking of "New Establishment" leaders.

Murdoch, chairman of News Corp., which owns The Post, moved up from fourth place
on last year's list.

He's followed by Google's cofounders Sergey Brin and Larry Page and next is
Apple chief Steve Jobs, up from No. 5 last year.

Rounding out the top five are Wal-Mart CEO H. Lee Scott, who slipped to fourth
place from No. 2 a year ago, and Microsoft's Bill Gates, who rose a notch.

Vanity Fair also added entertainers and financiers after doubling the number of
people comprising the list, rechristening it "The New Establishment: Vanity Fair
100."

The magazine said the enlarged list is "more representative of a movable band of
thinkers, owners, creators and buyers who set the agenda in myriad arenas."

It said selection "is based on a number of factors: wealth and influence, in
addition to intangibles such as vision, the footprint they will leave after they
are gone and the 'X factor.' "

Berkshire Hathaway chief Warren Buffett ranks No. 6, and former President Bill
Clinton hit the list for the first time, landing in seventh place.

Rounding out the top 10 are Oracle CEO Larry Ellison, Harpo Inc. chief Oprah
Winfrey and director-producer Steven Spielberg.

Among those who fell off the list are Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer, who had been
ranked No. 12, and Dell Chairman Michael Dell, who had been No. 14.

Other high-tech big names off the list include IBM chief Sam Palmisano, Intel
Chairman Craig Barrett, Electronic Arts chief Larry Probst and Cisco Systems
head John Chambers.

Among the media dropouts are Time Inc. execs Ann Moore and John Huey, Sirius
Satellite Radio CEO Mel Karmazin, HBO chief Chris Albrecht and author J.K.
Rowling.

The many and various newcomers include actor Robert De Niro, billionaires Steve
Cohen, Edward Lampert, Ron Perelman, and Bruce Wasserstein, former Vice
President Al Gore, Mayor Michael Bloomberg, cosmetics tycoons Leonard and Ronald
Lauder, radio personalities Don Imus and Howard Stern, French tycoon François
Pinault, columnist Maureen Dowd, publisher Jann Wenner, pundit/blogger Arianna
Huffington, and investment banker Steven Rattner.

---

The stars are out

Rock star/philanthropist Bono (right) is a first-timer on Vanity Fair's power
list, which is led by News Corp. chief Rupert Murdoch.

VF's top 25

1. Rupert Murdoch

2. Sergey Brin and Larry Page

3. Steve Jobs

4. H. Lee Scott

5. Bill Gates

6. Warren Buffett

7. Bill Clinton

8. Larry Ellison

9. Oprah Winfrey

10. Steven Spielberg

11. Dick Parsons

12. Barry Diller and Diane von Furstenberg

13. Robert Iger

14. Howard Stringer

15. Peter Chernin

16. Jeff Bewkes

17. Tom Freston

18. Leslie Moonves

19. Bernard Arnault

20. Bob Wright

24. Bono

25. Tom Hanks

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Rupert Murdoch. -Steve Jobs. -Bono. -Rupert Murdoch. -Steve Jobs.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             August 11, 2006 Friday

REIGN OF TERROR AT NEWS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 175 words


PARANOIA at the Daily News hit a new high yesterday when Mort Zuckerman's
troubled tabloid abruptly fired its well-liked spokeswoman, Donna Dees, after
just nine months on the job. Sources say Dees' axing is part of a purge of
employees hired by or associated with former Daily News President Les Goodstein,
who defected last December to become a senior VP of News Corp., which owns The
Post. In May, Daily News Executive VP Ira Ellenthal was booted. "If you don't
come out and swear undying allegiance to [News CEO] Mark Kramer and
[Editor-in-Chief] Martin Dunn, your days are numbered," one Newser told us.
"Kramer and Dunn are paranoid about anyone having anything to do with Les or The
Post. This purge is going to continue." Adding to frayed nerves is word that
management is monitoring all e-mail to see who's corresponding with News Corp.
or The Post. Some News staffers also fear their phones are tapped. A new rep for
the paper didn't return our call. Dees, a former flack for CBS News and David
Letterman, told us, "I'm exploring my options."

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 10, 2006 Thursday

GIMME SHELTER

BYLINE: Braden Keil

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 753 words


LOST IN SPACE

FASHION mogul Elie Tahari has sold his sky-high penthouse apartment to space
cowboy Gregory Olsen.

Tahari has unloaded his fourbedroom, 5 1/2-bath, 51st-floor condo at Trump
International Hotel & Tower for $13.05 million, according to city records. (Last
December, Tahari paid $24.6 million for a triplex SoHo coop belonging to Rupert
Murdoch, boss of News Corp., which owns this newspaper.) The Trump International
apartment, which most recently had a sales price of more than $16 million, was
bought by Olsen, the New Jersey based millionaire inventor who's perhaps best
known for shelling out $20 million to take a two-day voyage on a Russian Soyuz
spaceship last year.

Tahari bought the apartment from Band-Aid heiress Libet Johnson in 2004 for
$11.2 million. Johnson had purchased the unit, 51A, in 1999 for $9 million, and
had plans to combine a total of six apartments to create a mega-apartment
totaling 20,000 square feet. But that never happened.

Deborah Grubman of the Corcoran Group had the Tahari listing.

PRICE CHECK FOR SOROS

IT was recently reported that Susan Soros, the ex-wife of liberal-crusading
billionaire George Soros, bought a fancy duplex apartment on Central Park West
for Òmore than $20 million.Ó Thanks to the recent release of public records on
co-op apartments, we now know that she paid exactly $25 million for her palatial
residence at 115 Central Park West.

Soros bought the park-fronting Philippe Starck-designed apartment from
investment banker David Mimran of Milestone International Asset Management.

Mimran bought the place for $12.2 million in 2004 from hotelier Ian Schrager,
who paid $9 million for the apartment in 1997.

THE $20M GUESTHOUSE

BANKING heiress Susan Allen has sold her guesthouse in Southampton for more than
$20 million.The six-bedroom, ninebathroom house on exclusive (at least by price)
Gin Lane comprises 7,500 square feet on nearly 5 landscaped acres. The
guesthouse was built in 2000 and features two libraries, ocean views from an
attached observation tower and a pool and pool house. Allen, who still owns the
adjacent main house, is the sister of Allen & Company chairman Herbert Allen
(whom we erroneously reported last month to be the owner) and a cousin of
socialite Terry Allen Kramer.

Broker Dolly Lenz of Prudential Douglas Elliman represented the buyer.

LEONARD STERN SELLS IN BRIDGEHAMPTON

THE heat is on dog-food czar Leonard Stern to complete the construction of his
oceanfront mansion in Southampton, now that he's sold his Bridgehampton home.

The four-bedroom, four-bathroom Contemporary home with a $13.5 million asking
price has just gone to contract.

Stern is in the midst of a side-byside construction race with Howard Stern on
private Squabble Lane in Southampton.

Located just off Ocean Road, the Bridgehampton house - on 160 feet of beach
frontage - features a gourmet kitchen, a family room, large formal dining room,
an office, an exercise room, a separate studio and an attached two-car garage.
The property includes a pool, generator, irrigation system and an organic
vegetable garden.

Diane Saatchi of the Corcoran Group has the listing.

200 MILLION PENNIES

HOWARD STERN must be paying Penny Crone a pretty penny.

The veteran TV reporter, who joined Stern's Howard 100 news team after she was
unceremoniously canned at Fox 5, apparently has enough job security, and
coinage, to buy a $2 million apartment in Midtown.

Crone, who also has a home in North Jersey, has taken a two-bedroom, 2 1/2bath
condo in the new-construction, 36-story glass tower at 207 E. 57th St. The
1,600-square-foot apartment includes a gallery, eat-in kitchen and dining room.

For years, the gravellyvoiced Crone had covered Stern's antics, and a love/hate
relationship blossomed.

When the shock jock heard that Crone had been kicked to the curb last Christmas,
he immediately hired her.

PSSST! WE HEAR THAT ...

Just when it looked as though Russian born billionaire Len Blavatnik would get a
fancy apartment in one of the city's top coop buildings comes word that the
board nixed him earlier this week. The metalsandoil mogul, who was set to write
a check for $27.5 million at 998 Fifth Ave., learned Monday that his application
was denied.

That makes at least three board turndowns (that we know of) for Blavatnik. He
was denied ownership of Mary Tyler Moore's $18.5 million apartment at 927 Fifth
Ave. More recently, he was snubbed by the co-op board at the San Remo on Central
Park West in his quest to combine three pricey apartments.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: - SPACE CADET: Olsen spends $13M on Trump pad. (Reuters)  - HAMPTONS
FACEOFF: It's Stern vs. Stern in the race to build mansions on the East End.  -
LUCKY PENNY: Penny's newest Crone jewel is at Place 57 on East 57th Street.
(Rich Press; AP) - FASHION STATEMENT: Elie Tahari is leaving 1 CPW. (Wireimage;
Dan Brinzac) - SPACE CADET: Olsen spends $13M on Trump pad. (Reuters)  -
HAMPTONS FACEOFF: It's Stern vs. Stern in the race to build mansions on the East
End.  - LUCKY PENNY: Penny's newest Crone jewel is at Place 57 on East 57th
Street. (Rich Press; AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 9, 2006 Wednesday

FILMS LEAD NEWS CORP. TO STRONG PROFIT POP

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 264 words


A day after announcing a blockbuster $900 million advertising and search deal
with Google, media giant News Corp. yesterday reported a surge in quarterly and
full-year earnings.

News Corp., which owns Fox News, the 20th Century Fox movie studio, social
networking site MySpace and a controlling stake in DirecTV, reported operating
income of $1 billion for the fourth quarter, up 8 percent from a year ago.

Quarterly revenue was $6.8 billion, up from $6.1 billion in the year-ago period.
For the full year News Corp., which also owns The Post, said operating income
grew 9 percent to $3.9 billion. Revenue was $25.3 billion, up 6 percent from
last year's $23.9 billion.

"We generated our fourth consecutive year of record operating profits with
increases at nearly every one of our diverse segments," News Corp. Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer Rupert Murdoch said in a statement. "At the same time,
we leveraged our strong balance sheet by investing in businesses uniquely
positioned in the expanding digital world."

News Corp. reported Monday that it had reached a deal in which Google will power
Internet searches at MySpace.

The company's movie unit had a blockbuster quarter, reporting an 83 percent gain
in operating income to $200 million - mainly on the back of the success of the
film "Ice Age: The Meltdown," which has grossed more than $640 million.

The cable network business also was a standout, posting fourth quarter operating
income of $194 million, up 42 percent from a year ago. Included in this segment
was a 15 percent operating income jump at Fox News.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SCRAT, OF 'ICE AGE' Enriched News Corp.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             August 1, 2006 Tuesday

OPEN VS. CLOSED - THE WORLD'S TRUE DIVIDE

BYLINE: TONY BLAIR

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 787 words


Excerpts from British Prime Minister Tony Blair's speech yesterday to News
Corporation's annual conference.

THE deeper roots of the troubles in the Middle East reach right down into a more
basic struggle: between those who want to embrace and those who resist the
modern world.

The fanatical, reactionary elements of global terrorism, based on a false view
of Islam, are in reality a revolt against the modern world - its diversity, its
mass culture, its belief in equality of race and gender, its openness.

Around the world, a division is opening up, almost as pivotal as the traditional
left and right, and that division is what I would characterize as: "open versus
closed." Take the three "isms" that run throughout most political debates in
Europe and the United States today. They're not socialism or capitalism.
They're: protectionism, isolationism, nativism - by which I mean, to do with
migration and national identity. In each case the issue is: "open or closed."

The response to globalization can be free trade, open markets, investment in the
means of competition: education, science, technology. Or it can be
protectionism, tariffs, tight labor market regulation, resistance to foreign
takeovers.

Countries can choose foreign policies that are engaged and activist, seeking to
sort out the world's problems. Or try to avoid their problems; refrain from
controversy or picking sides - isolating a nation from the pain of the
hurly-burly of the world's challenges, but also from the opportunity to shape
their outcome.

And not a major country anywhere is not riven by the debate on migration: Do we
welcome it as infusing new blood and ideas; or do we fear it as undermining our
identity?

Where leaders stand on these issues has little to do with being on the left or
the right but everything to do with modern or traditional attitudes to a
changing world.

I am sometimes taken to task for being too  ambitious in the radical nature of
the policy changes I am seeking. I always have the opposite worry: not being
radical enough. The truth is that, if it is correct that the challenge of rapid
change is enormous, then the response has to be fundamental also.

But the implications of this are very hard to follow through.

The traditional European welfare state and social model is hopelessly inadequate
to meet the challenge of the modern competitive global market. Public services
that are run by producer interests, indifferent to consumer preference, will
lose public consent for the funding of them.

In the law-and-order debate, the nature of organized crime or social breakdown
in parts of our communities (not to mention the threat of global terrorism bent
on mass slaughter) mean that traditional civil-liberty arguments are not so much
wrong as just "made for another age."

One small example: I started a few years ago a DNA database for our
criminal-justice system; now all those convicted of certain categories of crime
are put on it. The concept was fiercely opposed - its extension still is, and by
a mixture of right, left and center. Yet every month suspects are linked to 26
murders, 57 rapes and sexual offences and 3,000 assorted more minor crimes via
the database.

In this battle - "open versus closed" - those on the "open" side of the argument
will meet fierce opposition. Yet the "closed" side of the argument, in truth,
has nothing to offer a nation except the delusion that the tide of change can be
turned back; or, alternatively, a weaker version of the same delusion, namely
that hard choices can just be evaded.

Faced with leading people through this process of change, the key to winning is
to embed the policy in strong values. The reason why Europe has to change the
social model is not because we no longer need social justice; but because
today's world means that social justice can only be achieved through education,
not regulation, through enterprise flourishing and creating wealth, not being
constrained.

Fairness, equality, opportunity for all - good, progressive values - can't be
achieved by old-fashioned welfare systems that breed dependency or public
services creaking at the joints. The values are constant; their application has
to be dynamic.

My anxiety over foreign policy is not in relation to the debate about terrorism
or security. I have many opponents on the subject,  but complete
inner-confidence in the analysis of the struggle we face. My concern is that we
cannot win this struggle by military means or security measures alone, or even
principally by them. We have to put our ideas up against theirs.

But our cause will only triumph if people see it as based on even-handedness, on
fairness, on a deep and genuine passion to help others.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Battle of ideas: Prime Minister Blair warns that terrorism can't be
beaten by military/security means alone. [AP]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 13, 2006 Thursday

WPP ADDS SOCIAL NET

BYLINE: HOLLY M. SANDERS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 85 words


WPP Group is joining the ranks of advertising firms getting serious about social
networking.

The ad giant is forming a joint venture with LiveWorld, a small marketing firm,
to create online communities for companies hoping to build consumer awareness
and loyalty.

Advertisers are stealing a page from popular social networking sites such as
MySpace and Facebook, where millions of people gather to chat about everything
from shopping to relationships. MySpace is owned by News Corp., which also owns
The Post.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 15, 2006 Thursday

BIRTHDAY SEASON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 89 words


POWER-lunch regulars at The Four Seasons were surprised the other day to find a
birthday party table for 15 in the center of the Grill Room. As bigshots like
Ronald Perelman, Edgar Bronfman Jr., Graydon Carter and Lou Dobbs talked
business, Dini von Mueffling celebrated her B-day with her Tony Award-winning
fiancé David Richenthal, her hedge-fund wiz brother William von Mueffling, Suite
New York owner Kris Fuchs, News Corp.'s Gary Ginsberg, Vanity Fair's Vicky Ward,
and artists Agnes Barley, Elizabeth Lyons and Sheila Berger.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 31, 2006 Wednesday

MGM DROPS SONY

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 177 words


Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer is ending its video-distribution pact with Sony, giving the
business to News Corp.'s 20th Century Fox instead. News Corp. owns The Post.

The strange twist comes less than two years after Sony acquired MGM, home to a
treasure trove of old movies, with a group of private-equity firms, in hopes of
milking MGM's vast film library, which includes 4,000 titles.

But a drop-off in the DVD market has sunk MGM's fortunes.

With the deal not working out as well as planned, speculation has swirled over
the past several months that Sony and its private-equity partners may look for a
new buyer for MGM.

About three months MGM announced it would double its production of new films, in
a bid to lessen its reliance on its library.

Before yesterday's announcement, MGM had divided the video distribution between
Sony and News Corp.

The change won't affect Sony's right to distribute MGM's lucrative James Bond
franchise.

Sony will distribute "Casino Royale," due in theatres this November.

A representative from Sony wasn't available to comment.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 28, 2006 Sunday

MEDIA MIRACLE - INDUSTRY CRAWLING BACK TO THE FOREFRONT

BYLINE: PETER LAURIA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 609 words


The year 2006 is shaping up to be the year of Big - if not old - Media.

Left for dead at the turn of the century, investors have reawakened to the
virtues of Big Media amid an explosion in distribution outlets for content, a
robust deal environment and solid financial results, including large
share-buyback plans from the likes of Disney and News Corp. (which owns The
Post).

Disney's stock price is up a staggering 26.5 percent this year, closing trading
Friday at $30.51. The Mouse House's stock cracked the $30 barrier on May 10, the
first time it touched that mark in five years.

On the strength of "American Idol," the Fox News Channel and the 20th Century
Fox film studio, News Corp. stock ended the week at $19.98, a 20.3 percent
year-to-date gain. Comcast, the nation's largest cable operator that also owns
an abundance of content, is up 25 percent to $32.28. Univision stock, both
because of the growth of the U.S. Hispanic population as well as its impending
sale, has climbed 22.5 percent to $36.09.

Even Warner Music Group, not too long ago considered an investment pariah, is
back in favor, posting a 37 percent year-to-date increase to $26.33 at Friday's
close.

The gains in Big Media stocks have not only outpaced, but also left in the dust,
those of the broader markets - the Dow Jones Industrial Average has only been
able to muster a 5 percent increase so far this year; the S&P 500 just half
that.

"Media conglomerate stocks should be correlated to the general economy," said
Miller Tabak analyst David Joyce. "The better the economy, the more disposable
income consumers have, the more they tend to spend on entertainment, which means
there's still upside in these stocks."

Part of the upside is being driven by media executives' embrace of digital
media, which has helped convince investors that the platform represents an
opportunity rather than a threat.

"At this point last year, [investors] looked at digital media as having a
cannibalizing effect on traditional media," said David Miller, an analyst with
Sanders Morris Harris. "This year the message from traditional media,
particularly ABC and CBS, is that digital platforms can enhance revenue rather
than cannibalize it."

A resurgent media M&A market - including Paramount's acquisition of DreamWorks,
Disney's buyout of Pixar, and News Corp.'s purchase of MySpace, among others -
has also helped goose Big Media stocks.

"Deal making always piques investor interest," noted Jefferies & Co. analyst
Robert Routh, pointing to the Univision auction, a possible EMI-Warner Music
merger, and a potential resolution of Liberty Media's stake in News Corp. still
yet to be resolved.

About the only Big Media stocks still out of favor with investors are CBS,
Viacom and Time Warner - and only one, Viacom, is down for the year while the
other two are essentially flat.

Given that CBS was spun out of Viacom and Time Warner was the subject of a
potential breakup, it's telling that the stocks of those companies are
underperforming while those of the conglomerates are on the rise.

Or, as Miller said of the Viacom split, "I never believed in the separation as a
motivator for stock-price appreciation."

SIGNS OF LIFE

2006 is shaping up as a year of redemption for much of Big Media.

The companies and their year-to-date fortunes:

Comcast     up 25%          Slowskies a hit.

Disney        up 27%          Counting on "Cars"

News Corp.  up 20%        Riding "Idol"

Viacom       down 6%       "Mission" proved impossible.

Time Warner  0%             AOL-saddled.

Univision      up 23%        Telenovella king.

CBS             0%                Betting on Katie.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fox TV's "American Idol" winner Taylor Hicks (right) and runner-up
Katharine McPhee.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 25, 2006 Thursday

ANNA WINTOUR SKIPS PIX WITH STREEP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 185 words


ANNA Wintour has a sense of humor, but there are limits. The icy Vogue editrix
accepted Meryl Streep's invitation to Tuesday's screening of "The Devil Wears
Prada," but she avoided pos ing for a photo with Streep, who plays an icy
fashion magazine editrix in the film. Wintour bolted from the Paris Theatre with
her entourage as soon as the credits rolled, skipping the dinner and charity
auction at the St. Regis. Wintour, whose entourage included boyfriend Shelby
Bryant, daughter Bee Shaffer, and Dixon and Arianna Boardman, "thought the movie
was very funny," said her spokesman, who also said Wintour never planned on
staying for dinner. One insider denied Wintour purposely avoided posing with
Streep, who had never met Wintour before publicist Peggy Siegal introduced them.
"It was so chaotic, we couldn't set up the shot," said our source. In the chaos
were Streep's castmates Anne Hathaway, Stanley Tucci and Bridget Hall, plus News
Corp. president Peter Chernin and 20th Century Fox co-chair Tom Rothman. Martha
Stewart, in the elevator afterward, said, "Wow! Who ever had a boss like that?"
Silence.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DEVILISH EDITRIX ANNA WINTOUR BAILS ON THE DINNER THAT FOLLOWED "THE
DEVIL WEARS PRADA'' SCREENING AT THE PARIS THEATRE.   [Patrick McMullan]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              249 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 11, 2006 Thursday

FOX TV UPS NEWS CORP. Q3

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 253 words


A strong performance from the Fox News Channel and several regional sports
networks helped propel News Corp.'s third-quarter earnings to double-digit
gains.

News Corp. reported revenue of $6.2 billion, up from $6.04 billion in last
year's third quarter. Net income for the quarter hit $820 million, or 26 cents
per share, compared with $400 million, or 13 cents per share, in the year-ago
quarter. The company's operating income was $1.01 billion, up from $889 million
a year ago.

This handily beat the consensus among Wall Street analysts, who on average were
expecting earnings per share of 20 cents, according to Reuters Estimates.

Among News Corp.'s vast media assets are the Fox network, the 20th Century Fox
movie studio, a controlling interest in DirecTV, and several newspapers,
including The New York Post.

"We are obviously pleased with the 14 percent operating income growth and
two-fold increase in net income we delivered this quarter," said News Corp.
Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch.

"Our growth was as diverse as it was deep: continued subscriber expansion at Sky
Italia; ratings success at our broadcast network; sustained momentum across our
array of cable channels; and a dramatic increase in equity earnings from
DirecTV."

The company's cable network unit, which includes the Fox News Channel, reported
operating income of $211 million, up 23 percent from a year ago.

The TV unit, meanwhile, which includes the Fox broadcast network, saw a 29
percent gain in operating income to $286 million.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            April 12, 2006 Wednesday

AD$ WILL BE NEWEST FRONTIER FOR SOCIAL NETWORKING SITES

BYLINE: HOLLY M. SANDERS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 500 words


MySpace, Facebook and other social-networking sites are all the rage, but
they're having to hustle to get advertisers on board.

These sites, which let users create home pages, blog and message friends online,
are attractive to advertisers because of their rapid growth and young audience.
The leaders, MySpace and Facebook, attract more than 5 million new users a
month. (MySpace is owned by News Corp., which also owns The Post.)

But advertisers and analysts also question whether social networks can move
beyond the hype and into mainstream marketing. The trick seems to be coming up
with less formal and invasive forms of advertising that will appeal to young,
tech-savvy users.

"It's unknown if advertising will fly in these communities," said Michael
Koziol, of Web ad firm nurun/ant farm interactive.

Jupiter Media analyst Nate Elliott deemed the social-networking craze a "bubble"
after MySpace sold for a whopping $580 million last year.

"It's become clear the 'real' money comes from selling your network to a big
media conglomerate rather than selling ad space on your network," he wrote.

Research firm PQ Media estimates that ad spending on "user-generated media,"
including social network sites, totaled just $20.4 million in 2005. That figure
could hit $49.8 million this year.

But that could be conservative. Rich Greenfield, of Pali Research, estimated
that MySpace alone brought in $13 million in ads in March.

MySpace execs are experimenting with new ideas, such as advertiser-created pages
and content. A recent promotion for horror flick "Slither" let users
"slitherize" their home pages to mimic the movie's creepy effects.

Alloy Media and Marketing recently bought Sconex, a high school network, for
about $6 million and is integrating advertisers into the site.

Habbo Hotel - where teens chat with other "Habbos," play games and party by the
virtual pool - has been around for five years but only started courting
advertisers in the last year and a half.

"This is a new type of advertising that they're still getting used to," said
Janne Kouri, of Habbo parent Sulake Corp.

The new and unpredictable nature of these spaces is making it hard for
advertisers. Some of the content is risqué, and highly publicized reports of men
using these sites to pick up underage girls reinforced the perception among some
people that social networking is one step up from Internet porn.

"What they struggle with is the content, the environment and the right approach
- pretty much everything," said Jeff Lanctot, vice president of media for Avenue
A-Razorfish, the biggest buyer of Internet ads.

Hang outs

Social networking sites have become hotspots for teens and other Web surfers,
but now they're actually trying to make money.

Top 5 social networking and online community sites in the U.S.*

MySpace   41.94%

Facebook   4.38%

Xanga    3.57%

Yahoo! Member Directory    3.12%

Craigslist    1.82%

*for the week of March 19-25

Source: Hitwise, MediaConnection, eMarketer

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HabboHotel.com, a social site for kids

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            April 5, 2006 Wednesday

GOING TOO FARLEY - BIG NAMES, SHADY FIGURES LINKED TO DRUG TREATMENT

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER BYRON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 559 words


A company using late actor Chris Farley in a new ad for its drug-addiction
treatment is surrounded by a bizarre mix of convicted swindlers, shady
financiers and legit investors such as "Sopranos" star James Gandolfini,
according to documents reviewed by The Post.

The Los Angeles-based company, Hythiam Inc., which claims to have developed a
breakthrough new treatment for alcoholism and drug addiction, has been featured
this week in segments on NBC's "Today" show, the Fox News Channel's rival
program, "Fox & Friends," and CNN's "Show Biz Tonight." (Fox News is owned by
News Corp., which also owns The Post.)

Starring in the segments: Farley, who died of a drug overdose in 1998, and whose
family has now licensed the use of his name and likeness to Hythiam to help
market the treatment.

Farley's endorsement from the grave began one morning last week when startled
rush-hour commuters in West Los Angeles looked up to behold a billboard at the
corner of Sunset and Crescent Heights boulevards, showing a larger-than-life
photo of the overweight comedian not long before his death.

Yet a Post review of documents on file at the Securities and Exchange Commission
suggests the company, which describes its treatment as a "protocol" under the
"Prometa" name, has a pedigree that traces back to an unsolved, Mob-linked
double murder of two stockbrokers in fashionable Colts Neck, N.J., in 1999.

At the time of the killings, one of the two murdered brokers, Albert Chalem, had
been actively involved in promoting a Fort Lee, N.J., company called CITA
Americas Inc., which held the license to what appears to have become the Prometa
treatment.

In 2003, a one-time junk-bond salesman for Drexel Burnham & Co. named Terren
Peizer lent $300,000 to the company, and it failed to repay the loan, Peizer
foreclosed, acquiring the treatment protocol in the process.

Thereafter, Peizer merged his operation into a Nevada trucking company and
renamed it Hythiam Inc., attracting an eclectic array of surprising, and in some
cases alarming, backers and stock promoters - several having histories of
regulatory run-ins with the SEC.

Among those on the right side of the law, and only pretending to be criminals:
Gandolfini and a second cast member in the HBO series, actor Steve Schirripa,
who plays Bobby Bacala.

From the dark side of the street in real life comes at least one Hythiam backer
with a rap sheet as an authentic ex-con: Michael Wachs, a confessed embezzler
who pleaded guilty to swindling Chase Bank out of $20.8 million back in the
1990s and now runs a stock-touting Web site called CEOcast.com.

Other moneymen include porno film producer Russell Hampshire of VCA Pictures
(behind such titles as "Barrio Booty" and "Triumph of the Tushy") and the two
top officials at a Long Island brokerage firm called Kirlin Securities, which
has a long history of regulatory violations on Wall Street.

Since last November, Hythiam has seen its stock price soar from $4.45 to its
current price of $9 per share, giving the three-year-old company a market value
of nearly $360 million on total lifetime revenues of less than $1.5 million.

The Prometa treatment appears to consist of a combination of vitamin supplements
and a cocktail of prescription drugs developed by other companies.

---

Hythiam Inc.: Close $9.00 (+1 cent)

- Bloomberg

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Hollywood hype: Following the trail of drug-treatment concern Hythiam -
which has launched a billboard campaign featuring the late comedian Chris Farley
- leads to surprise supporters including Steven Schirripa and James Gandolfini
(right) of "The Sopranos."  [Reuters; Barry Wetcher]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 31, 2006 Friday

WRITERS BLOCKED - NEWSDAY SCRIBES SAY AGENT FLIPPED MAFIA COP DEAL

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 829 words


THE tangled case of the "Mafia cops" also has a tangled literary tale as rival
writers try to rush to market with the story of Tommy Dades, the retired NYPD
officer who apparently did yeoman work to build the case against the alleged
dirty cops Louis Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa.

Newsday reporter Rocco Parascandola and ex-Newsday reporter Sean Gardiner
thought they had a $100,000 deal wrapped up with HarperCollins (owned by News
Corp., which also owns The Post.)

Their agent was Frank Weimann at The Literary Group.

Now they have filed a lawsuit in New York State Supreme Court against Weimann,
claiming that behind their back Weimann shopped the project to another writer,
David Fisher, who is also named as a defendant.

Not so fast, claims Weimann. He said that Fisher and many others were pursuing a
deal with Dades.

"Dades is the story," said Weimann, "Without him, there is no book." And he said
that Dades was never nailed down by the Newsday writers.

The Newsday writers dispute that, claiming that as of March 31, 2005, Dades had
assured the reporters that he would do the book with them.

Weimann, however, said the would-be authors had never formally nailed Dades
down.

Weimann claims that unbeknownst to him, one of his author clients, Fisher, was
also among a handful of journalists and writers pursuing the ex-cop with the
idea of writing a book. "I met him through a former NYPD captain and a Hollywood
agent, Mickey Freiberg," said Fisher, who has written bestselling books with a
variety of celebrity authors.

Parascandola said that on or about April 6, 2005, Weimann told them that he had
learned that Dades was going to cooperate with another writer and the
HarperCollins deal was dead for Gardiner and Parascandola.

"These guys could not produce Dades, so at that point, I walked away," claims
Weimann. Fisher said it was he, working through an entirely different set of
contacts, who struck the deal with Dades.

"I've been a writer for 30 years and I've had projects stolen from me," claims
Fisher. "I'd never do that to another writer because I know how it feels."

But Parascandola tells a different story. He said that he was told by Dades that
Weimann had obtained a $300,000 advance from HarperCollins with Fisher as the
author and Weimann as the agent."

On top of that, the lawsuit claims that Warner Bros. is offering up $600,000 for
the movie rights to Dades' story.

They claim that Weimann and his company, The Literary Group, breached their
fiduciary relationship to Parascandola and Gardiner. They are seeking over
$1,000,000 in damages.

Dades could not be reached at presstime. Mauro DiPreta, the HarperCollins editor
who signed Fisher, did not return a call seeking comment.

*

With the price slashed to $1.99, sales of OK! are finally rising, nearly nine
months after its launch.

And that has apparently given Editor-in-Chief Sarah Ivens a reprieve in the top
spot. Sources had said the company was quietly looking for a new editor but now
has agreed to extend her contract.

"So you've re-upped?" Media Ink asked. "I've never heard that term before, but I
have renewed," she said.

Her original one-year contract expired in April. She said the new deal is
open-ended. "If I want to leave, I have to give them six months' notice." And if
they decided to switch editors, they'd have to give her six months' pay.

This isn't quite a Bonnie Fuller or Condé Nast-style two- or three-year gig, but
it does seem as if she has bought some time.

"I'm going to be in New York for another summer," she said, "and that's good. If
you're from London, you think any kind of sun is good."

How much? "It's not what I'm worth, because I'm priceless," she said.

The newsstand sales since March 1 have been averaging around 400,000, she said,
and there are now about 200,000 subscribers.

A celeb rival also concurred that for the past six weeks, the magazine has been
averaging about 400,000 - after selling in the 200,000+ range just prior to the
price cut.

Ivens said she also has a book deal with a British publisher Piatkus to write
what she called, "A Modern Girl's Guide to Life."

*

A new business lifestyle magazine has beaten Condé Nast to the punch. Success, a
magazine with a 115-year history, is coming back after a five-year hiatus.

A new group of investors has hired veteran editor Gay Bryant - who once won a
National Magazine Award for General Excellence with Mirabella - to resuscitate
the magazine with a May issue.

She is joining the publication's director, Joseph Guerriero, who had most
recently been the vice president of integrated marketing and brand development
at Billboard Information Group in a new company called the Quantum Media Venture
Fund. "Our approach is to give business people the means to achieve a successful
life - both in work and life," said Bryant.

Guerriero said the new company is relying on the business seminar company Get
Motivated, Inc. to supply about 650,000 subscribers.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TOAST OF THE TOWN: Sarah Ivens - with actor friend Michael Vartan - is
feeling no pain after extending her contract as U.S. editor of OK!
[WireImage.com]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 23, 2006 Thursday

NEWS CORP. PLANS NETWORK

BYLINE: Tim Arango

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 240 words


News Corp. said yesterday it will launch a new broadcast network to supply shows
to its 10 local TV stations that will lose programming this fall after the WB
Network and UPN merge.

At a splashy Midtown press conference yesterday, News Corp. said the new
network, which will be called My Network TV, will anchor its primetime lineup on
two dramas that resemble soap operas: "Desire" and "Secrets."

Several other shows are also in development, including "Catwalk," a reality show
that searches for the next supermodel; "Celebrity Love Island," another reality
show in which six single celebrities are thrown together on an island with six
non-celeb singles; and a quiz show with the working title "America's Brainiest."

News Corp. is the parent company of The Post.

The 10 stations that will initially carry the new network are part of the Fox
television station group, which has a total of 35 stations in 26 cities - many
of which are affiliated with the Fox network.

"Losing is highly overrated as a learning experience," said Roger Ailes, the
head of News Corp.'s Fox TV station group and the boss at Fox News. "I
absolutely believe we will win with this."

My Network TV will hit the airwaves Sept. 5 in major cities, including on local
channel 9 in New York.

About a month ago Time Warner and CBS said they would merge their two
money-losing networks, WB and UPN, into a new network called CW, which will
launch in the fall.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MY OH MY: Stars of the planned shows "Secrets" and "Desire" were on
hand for the announcement of My Network TV.     [Tamara Beckwith]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 9, 2006 Thursday

TV, CABLE HELP BOOST NEWS CORP. 2ND QTR.

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 165 words


Profits at media giant News Corp. nearly tripled in the second quarter, led by a
strong performance from the company's cable networks, television unit and its
satellite business.

News Corp. reported revenue of $6.7 billion, up from $6.5 billion in last year's
fiscal second quarter. Its income from continuing operations - the metric that
Wall Street focuses on - was $694 million, or 21 cents per share, which beat
analysts' expectations of 20 cents per share, according to Reuters Estimates.
This compares with $386 million in the prior year.

"Our performance this quarter reflects the sustained momentum we have generated
across the majority of our businesses," said Rupert Murdoch, chairman and chief
executive officer of News Corp. "We translated the desirable audiences we
deliver for advertisers into double-digit earnings gains at our television and
cable network programming segments."

News Corp. owns the Fox broadcast network, the 20th Century Fox movie studio and
The Post.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           January 12, 2006 Thursday

JEWISH GROUP HONORS MURDOCH

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 103 words


Rupert Murdoch was presented last night with the Humanitarian Laureate Award at
a black-tie ceremony in Midtown.

Murdoch, chairman and CEO of News Corp., The Post's parent company, was guest of
honor at the Simon Wiesenthal Center's 21st annual tribute dinner at the
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel.

The award is the highest honor given by the international Jewish human-rights
organization, dedicated to preserving the memory of the Holocaust by fostering
tolerance and understanding.

"It is very special," Murdoch said. "Our papers and television stations have
always been great supporters of Israel and the Jewish cause."

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           January 11, 2006 Wednesday

WE HEAR . . .

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 151 words


THAT Nicole Kidman will present the Simon Wiesenthal Center award tonight at the
Waldorf to Rupert Murdoch, chairman of News Corp. (which owns The Post), before
such guests as Pat riots owner Bob Kraft, financier Nelson Peltz,  Fox News
chief Roger Ailes and Michael Mil ken . . . THAT this morning, for the first
time in  network history, live bra models, not manne quins, will appear on a
morning show, when  "Today" airs a segment based on Shop Etc. mag  azine's
story, "Is it Time to Buy a New Bra?" . . . THAT James Frey - whose best-selling
"memoir," "A Million Little Pieces," has been exposed as fiction - will go on
"Larry King Live" tonight with his mother to address the scandal . . . THAT the
success of "Brokeback Moun tain" has renewed interest in the best- selling 1974
novel, "The Front  Runner," about a gay relationship between a track coach and a
runner authored by Patricia  Nell Warren.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SWEEPING HER MERMAID TAIL UP THE RED CARPET, REBECCA ROMIJN ATTENDS THE
CRITICS' CHOICE AWARDS IN SANTA MONICA.   (GREGG DEGUIRE/WIREIMAGE) (Metro &
Sports Editions)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             January 1, 2006 Sunday

THE WEEK'S WINNERS & LOSERS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 150 words


WINNERS

LES GOODSTEIN

Former Daily News exec jumps ship to a winner, joining Post parent News Corp. as
senior vice president.

MATT BOUSQUETTE

The Mattel exec unable to squeeze Barbie and Hot Wheels for much profit leaves
the company with some neat toys: a $5.43 million payout plus $750K to consult.

BILL WATKINS

Forbes picks Seagate CEO's firm as its company of the year - just a week after
it announced plans to acquire rival Maxtor.

LOSERS

PAUL TAGLIABUE

NFL commish fails to do what his predecessor did - sell broadcast networks on
the primetime economic feasibility of pro football.

STEVE BALLMER

The Microsoft chief sees the brand again tarnished by viruses and security flaws
that have the tech behemoth advising Web surfers to "be cautious."

RICHARD CAUSEY

Former Enron chief accounting officer pleads guilty three weeks ahead of Ken
Lay's trial, possibly bolstering Fed's case.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: - PAUL TABLIABUE - LES GOODSTEIN - PAUL TABLIABUE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 19, 2005 Saturday

LEARNING LUNCH

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 90 words


LEARNING Annex president Bill Zanker was the high bidder at an eBay online
charity auction the other night and landed lunch with Rupert Murdoch for
$57,100. The money will go to the Jerusalem College of Technology. Zanker says
News Corp.'s chairman is a bargain at $1,000 a minute compared to Donald Trump,
who's making $1.5 million an hour to appear at Zanker's Real Estate Wealth Expos
touring 10 U.S. cities next year. Over lunch, Zanker plans to ask for Murdoch's
advice on taking his $100 million real-estate seminar business to China.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 12, 2005 Saturday

WINNER LEARNING AT LUNCH

BYLINE: KEITH J. KELLY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 218 words


The Learning Annex Chairman Bill Zanker emerged yesterday as the mystery winning
bidder in an online auction for a lunch with News Corporation Chairman Rupert
Murdoch.

Zanker bid $57,100 to win the meal. The proceeds will go to charity.

"I grabbed it, I loved it," said Zanker shortly after learning his bid had won.
"I'm fascinated by Rupert."

Zanker told The Post that with Murdoch, he is hoping for more than a friendly
powwow. He wants to expand his self-help empire abroad.

"I figured what better expert to give me advice than Rupert Murdoch," said
Zanker.

News Corp. has interests in China, Austrailia, Europe and the United States
where its holdings also include the New York Post.

Zanker's bid first appeared to be anonymous, hiding behind the online moniker
"Wabanhood."

Zanker said he had his attorney, who lives on Waban street in Boston, do the
bidding.

Zanker founded the Learning Annex 25 years ago, but sold it to another group in
1980 before buying it back in 2001.

Zanker said sales hit $14 million last year, and this year, he said, revenues of
the privately held company will be about $35 million.

The proceeds from the auction, on eBay, will benefit the Jerusalem College of
Technology.

"It happened to cost me a few dollars, but I figured it would be worth it," said
Zanker.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            November 11, 2005 Friday

NEWS CORP. OPERATING INCOME UP

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 320 words


Helped by strong ratings and advertising growth at the Fox News Channel and
several regional sports networks, News Corporation reported 19 percent growth in
first quarter operating income yesterday and handily beat Wall Street's
expectations.

News Corp. reported quarterly revenue of $5.7 billion, up 10 percent from a year
ago. Its operating income in the first quarter was $909 million, a 19 percent
jump from the $766 million in last year's first quarter.

Net income for the quarter, before a $1 billion accounting charge to write down
the value of its television stations' licenses, was $580 million, or 18 cents
per share. This compares with expectations of 16 cents per share, according to
analysts polled by Reuters Estimates.

After the writedown the net loss was $433 million, or 14 cents a share.

"Our first quarter results reflect yet again the fiscal and operational momentum
we have enjoyed for quite some time," said News Corp Chairman and CEO Rupert
Murdoch. "Indeed, this was our 15th consecutive quarter reporting year-on-year
operating income and revenue growth, and we delivered strong gains across nearly
all our operating segments."

News Corp., which owns the Fox broadcast network, the 20th Century Fox movie
studio, several newspapers in Australia and the U.K. and the Fox News cable
network, is also the parent company of The Post.

Fox News Channel reported operating income growth of 64 percent as higher
advertising sales more than offset the extra costs from covering Hurricane
Katrina. Viewership was up 31 percent in primetime, despite coverage of the
political conventions in the year ago quarter.

The Filmed Entertainment segment saw operating income rise $77 million to $368
million, helped by strong DVD sales of movies such as "Robots" and "Hide and
Seek."

In its newspaper businesses, operating income rose $7 million to $125 million.

News Corp. shares closed unchanged at $15.24.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            November 1, 2005 Tuesday

GRACE O'LEARY, POST STAFFER'S MOM, DIES

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 65 words


Grace O'Leary, 68, mother of Laura O'Leary, corporate secretary of News Corp.
and The Post, died Sunday.

Visitation is from 2 to 4 and 7 to 9 p.m. today at the Michael Hegarty Funeral
Home, and a Funeral Mass is to be held tomorrow at 10 a.m. at St. Ambrose Roman
Catholic Church, both in Old Bridge, N.J.

Grace O'Leary is survived by her husband, William, two sons and three daughters.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 22, 2005 Saturday

NEWS CORP. SHAREHOLDERS MEET

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 228 words


Four News Corp. directors were re-elected yesterday, including Chief Operating
Officer Peter Chernin, as the company held its first shareholders meeting as a
U.S. company.

Also reelected as directors were Chase Carey, chief executive of DirecTV Group
Inc.; Rod Eddington, former chief executive of British Airways; and Andrew
Knight, director of Rothschild Investment Trust. They were elected to three-year
terms.

News Corp., which is The Post's parent company, also owns 20th Century Fox movie
studios, the Fox News Channel and newspapers in Australia and the U.K.

Roughly 16 percent of shareholders withheld their votes in protest against the
company's extension of a poison pill provision enacted last year after John
Malone's Liberty Media boosted its voting stake in News Corp. to about 18
percent.

"There has been no outcry," News Corp. Chief Executive Rupert Murdoch told
reporters following the meeting. "I've had hundreds of phone calls, there has
been one call about the poison pill."

News Corp., which has spent about $1.3 billion on three Internet deals in as
many months, said its earlier expectation that it would spend up to $2 billion
was not a hard target.

"I don't think we set that figure in concrete," Murdoch said. "We're OK where we
are, but we're exploring our options."

News Corp. shares closed down 18 cents at $15.35.     Post wires

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 30, 2005 Friday

WE HARDLY KNEW YA - AD BIG DONNY DEUTSCH SHOWS WARTS AND ALL IN MEMOIR

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 913 words


ADVERTISING whiz Donny Deutsch, who hosts the mediacentric CNBC gabfest "The Big
Idea with Donny Deutsch" hates CNN's top-rated gabber Larry King - but in a good
way.

In his soon-to-be-released memoir from the Collins imprint of HarperCollins,
"Often Wrong, Never in Doubt," Deutsch has a chapter entitled "Why Hatred is
Good." HarperCollins is a part of News Corp, parent of The Post.

"Hatred personalizes your drive," Deutsch wrote.

"I'm a nice guy, I never want to see anybody else fail, but I do use other
people's success to further my own ends . . . . Before I became involved in the
talk show industry, Larry King and Charlie Rose weren't on my radar. Sometimes I
watched them. So what?"

That's all changed. "Now they piss me off. These guys are the definition of the
long-form television interview. They are the best at what they do. I don't know
Larry King and he doesn't know me, but he has a perch that I want."

King frequently lands the star subjects who Deutsch can't get, and that makes
Donny irate.

"Why did he get that guest?" Deutsch moaned. "Why can't I have that guest.
That's b***t! I listen to his line of questioning and think, I could do even
better."

"Now, God bless him, I hear that Larry King is actually a lovely man. But in my
mind, for my purposes, he's the enemy."

He also related how a stunt he played on a female reporter at Advertising Age
backfired on him during an interview for the trade's Agency of the Year issue.

"After a short time, the reporter said, 'Come on Donny, we can't write this
again . . .What's the big news?'

"I'll tell you what the real story is," Deutsch recalls as he pulled his white
T-shirt over his head and started flexing his muscles. "The real f***ing story
is I have the best body of any advertising CEO in the world," he said.

Lisa Sanders, the Ad Age reporter used the anecdote as her lead.

"When the article came out, instead of including the caveats, sophomoric attempt
at humor, wink-wink, nudge-nudge, the reporter wrote it straight," Deutsch
recalled.

Since he had already sold his agency to Interpublic for millions, its new CEO
Linda Sawyer was not amused by the stunt.

Deutsch concluded: "I should have known there is a difference between taking my
shirt off among friends and colleagues and doing it in front of a reporter."

Koten gets

John Koten, CEO of Joe Mansueto's publishing firm, Mansueto Ventures, has
finally found a successor as Inc. magazine editor in chief.

Jane Berentson is returning to Inc. as new top editor.

She had most recently been executive editor at Real Simple at Time Inc., which
sources say has been riddled with internal tension of late. From 2002 to 2004
she had been the executive editor of Inc., working under Koten.

Earlier she worked on Worth as executive editor and was a page one editor at the
Wall Street Journal.

Koten earlier named the one-time American Media executive Jay Goldberg as
publishing director of Inc. and sister title Fast Company.

Lee Jones, who had been the publisher of Inc., had attempted to buy the magazine
title when it was being sold off by Gruner + Jahr USA in June, but exited when
the chief executive job went to Koten.

Teen angst

Who is the mightiest teen title of them all?

In a big trade ad campaign, Hearst's CosmoGirl is crowning itself "The new No. 1
bestseller at newsstands" since it pulled ahead of Teen People and Seventeen.

Not so fast, say the folks at Bauer Publications, who publish a title called
J-14 aimed at the bopper set. In the first half of the year, J-14 had sales on
newsstands of 424,360. CosmoGirl's circulation was 413,537 - about 10,000 copies
a month fewer.

"We've been No. 1 for the past 1 1/2 years," claims J-14 Editor-in-Chief Janet
Giovanelli.

"It's unfortunate that one of our competitors has decided to launch an erroneous
marketing campaign without doing their homework."

A spokesperson for Susan Schultz, the CosmoGirl editor-in-chief, commented,
"While we respect what J-14 does, we do not see them as a direct competitor.

J-14 is marketed to a pre-teen and teen audience while CosmoGirl is solely a
teen category book, and markets itself accordingly."

Seating plan

There were so many heavy hitters packed into media hot spot Michael's on
Thursday, some wonder if Web blogger Mediabistro, which chronicles who sits
where every Wednesday, may want to add another day of the week to their lineup.

Tom Brokaw was entertaining guest at the front table while Imagine
Entertainment's Brian Grazer was chowing down with GQ Editor-in-Chief Jim
Nelson.

John Huey, the editorial director who is soon to become the editor in chief of
Time Inc. was dining with Peter Costiglio, one of the most respected public
relations men in the media business.

Costiglio is just back from a trip to Italy after officially leaving Time Inc.
right after Labor Day.

The big boss of Time Warner, Richard Parsons, dined in the garden room with an
unidentified female companion and stopped to chat with former Time Inc.
executive Chris Meigher, who now runs Quest and fashion zine Q at Quest Media.

Jane Friedman, CEO of HarperCollins, made the scene for the second day in a row.

Hearst Magazines President Cathie Black huddled with the corporation's legal
adviser Eve Burton, while a few short feet away sat Evelyn Lauder and the
president of Hunter College, Jennifer Raab.

Michael Wolff was at his customary table 5 with Pat Spain, founder of Internet
business info firm Hoovers, now heading Highbeam.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STRAIGHT TALK: Donny Deutsch has many ideas in new book, "Often Wrong,
Never in Doubt."   [Bloomberg]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 20, 2005 Tuesday

NEW POST PUBLISHER NAMED

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 304 words


Paul V. Carlucci was appointed publisher of the New York Post yesterday by News
Corp. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Rupert Murdoch.

"Thanks to the hardworking staff at The Post, we have made strong gains in
circulation and advertising revenue in recent years," Murdoch said.

"The paper is poised to overtake its main competitor in circulation and now is
the time to exploit the advertising sales momentum that we have built up."

Carlucci, 58, a Queens native and Fordham graduate, will succeed Murdoch
immediately as The Post's publisher.

He will keep his position as chairman and CEO of News America Marketing, but
will spend most of his time at The Post.

"I am very excited to have the opportunity to lead the New York Post, which has
the twin distinctions of being the world's greatest newspaper in the world's
greatest city," Carlucci said.

"The Post has a superb editorial product that every day captures the imagination
of this city. My job is to translate that editorial success into real
advertising revenues."

Carlucci joined News Corp. in 1991 as executive vice president of News America
FSI and became the group's president the following year.

"Paul is without peer in the consumer advertising and marketing industry,"
Murdoch said.

"He has a background in newspapers and has run the pre-eminent consumer
advertising and promotional business in America for more than a decade, during
which he has built an unparalleled network of contacts among retail
advertisers."

Before joining News Corp., Carlucci was senior vice president of marketing at
the general merchandise chain Caldor.

He had also worked at the New York division of R.H. Macy's and rose to become
senior vice president, director of sales promotion of Macy's New Jersey.

He began his career in advertising sales at the Daily News.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PAUL CARLUCCI Native of Queens.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 15, 2005 Thursday

BILL GATHERS LEADERS TO SOLVE WORLD WOES

BYLINE: LUKAS I. ALPERT

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 264 words


Former President Bill Clinton today kicks off his ambitious global-initiative
forum, which gathers 39 heads of state, 300 CEOs and numerous scholars under one
roof in the Big Apple.

For three days, the movers and shakers - from South African President Thabo
Mbeki to News Corp.

Chairman and New York Post Publisher Rupert Murdoch - will deliver speeches and
take part in panel discussions seeking solutions to global problems.

"This nonpartisan conference will concentrate a diverse and select group of
current and former heads of state, business leaders, noteworthy academicians and
key NGO [nongovernmental organization] representatives to identify immediate and
pragmatic solutions to some of the world's most pressing problems," Clinton
said.

The Clinton Global Initiative is a project of the William J. Clinton Foundation.

Each of the attendees was charged with briefing themselves on the issues to be
discussed, which include fighting poverty, improving governance, understanding
religion and conflict, and addressing climate change.

All the participants have pledged to try to implement solutions conceived during
the conference.

The workshops - held at the Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers - will focus on
such issues as "What's Next in the Middle East?" and "Promoting Prosperity
Through Climate Change Policy."

Other attendees at the affair will include King Abdullah bin Al-Hussein of
Jordan, newly elected Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko, Turkish Prime
Minister Recep Erdogan, former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and Sen.
Hillary Rodham Clinton.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            September 9, 2005 Friday

NEWS CORP. BUYS 'NET GAMER IGN FOR $650M

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 306 words


News Corp. agreed yesterday to buy IGN, an Internet giant that focuses on video
games and other entertainment, for $650 million in cash.

The deal continues News Corp.'s recent spate of acquisitions of Internet
properties.

"It gives us the tools, or raw materials, to build a major presence on the
Internet," said News Corp. Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch.

News Corp. is the parent company of The Post.

Media giant Viacom was also in the running for IGN, which had alternatively
considered going public. Originally, the company had sought close to $850
million in a sale.

IGN has some 25 million unique viewers - giving News Corp. now close to 70
million unique monthly users at its U.S. Web sites, which include its
Fox-branded sites.

"First, we have significantly enhanced our online reach, strengthening our
position as the fifth-most trafficked presence on the Web," said Murdoch. "We
also become the fourth largest network in terms of monthly page impressions."

The deal will close in the fourth quarter, and IGN CEO Mark Jung will remain in
his position.

IGN, with its video gaming properties, targets users under age 35. Earlier this
year it acquired AskMen.com, which IGN says has the highest audience of male
visitors age 18 to 34.

In July News Corp. announced it had agreed to buy Intermix Media for $580
million. Intermix owns the popular social networking site MySpace.com.

Other media companies are also investing heavily in the Internet - Viacom, for
example, bought Neopets this year for $160 million. The next to go could be CNET
Networks, which has been entertaining offers for some time.

IGN, then known as Snowball, went public in March of 2000, too late to fully
capitalize on the Internet boom, and in 2002 switched focus to concentrate
solely on the entertainment industry. It was taken private in 2003.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 7, 2005 Wednesday

VF LIONIZES GOOGLE GUYS OVER WAL-MART'S SCOTT

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 404 words


Google is upstaging the titans of commerce - beating out Wal-Mart's chief for
the coveted top spot on Vanity Fair's annual power list.

Sharing the No. 1 ranking are Google's co-founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page,
each worth more than $10 billion on paper for their search engine phenomenon,
which rakes in more advertising dollars than The New York Times, The Washington
Post or The Wall Street Journal.

Wal-Mart's President and CEO H. Lee Scott held his top spot for just one year,
slipping to second place on Vanity Fair's rankings of the most powerful 50
leaders in the information age. Trailing him in third place is Sumner Redstone,
head of Viacom, and Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and CEO of News Corporation, which
owns The Post.

Vanity Fair says its picks are based on "power, influence, and net worth, mixed
with an 'X' factor (leadership, charisma, and style)."

Women made major strides joining the list this year, with six making the
ranking, up from just four a year ago.

They include Oprah Winfrey, who leaps to 10th place from 23rd a year ago, and
"Harry Potter" author J.K. Rowling, a newcomer on the list at 43rd.

Martha Stewart's legal troubles haven't hurt - she also hit the rankings this
year, although coming in last of the 50. MTV's chief Judy McGrath also debuts on
the power list at 42nd.

A handful of well-known media tycoons fell off the list altogether, including
Sony's chief Nobuyuki Idei and Walt Disney's head Michael Eisner - who will
officially be replaced Oct. 1 by his hand-picked successor, Robert Iger, a
newcomer on the list in 30th place.

Staging a major comeback to list after falling off last year is radio whiz Mel
Karmazin, head of Sirius Satellite Radio, returning in 48th place.

Vanity Fair also ranked the most powerful talent agencies, with Creative Artists
Agency (CAA) in the top spot. Its famed rivals - William Morris and
International Creative Management (ICM) - ranked 4th and 5th place,
respectively.

Towers of power

Google moguls Sergey Brin and Larry Page shot to the top of Vanity Fair's
vaunted list of most powerful leaders, clearing Wal-Mart's H. Lee Scott Jr.

The Top 10

Sergey Brin and Larry Page, Google co-founders

H. Lee Scott Jr., Wal-Mart

Sumner Redstone, Viacom

Rupert Murdoch, News Corp.

Steve Jobs, Apple

Bill Gates, Microsoft

Meg Whitman, eBay

Warren Buffett, Berkshire Hathaway

Barry Diller, InterActive

Oprah Winfrey, Harpo Inc.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sergey Brin and Larry Page. (AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             August 26, 2005 Friday

SURPRISE $UGAR DADDY FOR BUBBA CONFAB: GOLISANO

BYLINE: IAN BISHOP Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 264 words


WASHINGTON - Bill Clinton has snagged major financial support for his powwow
with world leaders next month from potential New York GOP gubernatorial
candidate Tom Golisano.

Golisano is now the prime financial backer for the former president's three-day
Global Initiative symposium - which Golisano will attend along with British
Prime Minister Tony Blair, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, News Corp.

Chairman Rupert Murdoch and other dignitaries.

Political watchers say it's no surprise Golisano - who's been urged to run for
governor by possible White House hopeful Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) - is
contributing to the popular Clinton.

"Golisano has been a maverick and done it on his own," said former state GOP
executive director Brendan Quinn.

The Clinton Foundation says the Global Initiative conference, which is also
scheduled to include French President Jacques Chirac and Israeli Vice Premier
Shimon Peres, will study solutions to "the world's most difficult problems."

"This is a new step for me, but I think the Clinton Global Initiative's
practical approach will yield workable solutions, and I am happy to be a part of
this effort," Golisano said in a statement. He could not be reached for further
comment.

The Clinton Foundation did not immediately respond to a request for a dollar
figure on Golisano's contribution.

Billionaire Golisano - owner of the NHL's Buffalo Sabres, head of Paychex, and
three-time failed Independence Party candidate for governor - was asked by
McCain last week to run again as a Republican.

"I'm thinking about it," Golisano said.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 16, 2005 Tuesday

AILES TO BE CEO AT FOX TV

BYLINE: Tim Arango

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 208 words


Fox News chief Roger Ailes was given the reins of the Fox Television Stations
group, including the Twentieth Television program division, yesterday.

Fox is part of News Corp., which is the parent company of The Post.

Ailes, a former adviser to President Nixon, has been chairman and CEO of Fox
News since 1996 and oversaw the launch of the channel.

Since then, Fox News has surpassed CNN in the ratings war and is now the
most-watched cable news channel.

He was given the additional responsibility of the Fox stations in the wake of
the resignation of Lachlan Murdoch, who had served as deputy chief operating
officer of News Corp. and oversaw the stations.

As head of the station group, Ailes will report both to Rupert Murdoch, chairman
and CEO of News Corp., and Peter Chernin, News Corp.'s president. Fox Television
Stations Chief Executive Jack Abernethy will report to Ailes.

Prior to running Fox News, Ailes was president of the business news network
CNBC. He was also president of America's Talking, which later became MSNBC.

Last week News Corp. reported that net income in the fourth quarter jumped
nearly 67 percent from the year-ago period to $717 million.

News Corp. shares closed yesterday at $18.05, down 6 cents.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 11, 2005 Thursday

NEWS CORP. PROFIT HIT $717M

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 266 words


News Corp.'s profit jumped in the fourth quarter on strong subscriber growth at
Sky Italia, and gains in advertising at both the Fox News Channel and the
company's many newspapers.

News Corp. reported quarterly revenue of $6.1 billion, a 12 percent gain over
the prior year figure of $5.5 billion.

Net income from the quarter was $717 million, a $288 million gain over the
year-ago period's $429 million. On a per-share basis, the company earned 22
cents per share, compared with 15 cents per share in last year's fourth quarter.

News Corp. is the parent company of The Post.

For the full year, News Corp. posted revenue of $23.9 billion, up 15 percent
over the last fiscal year. For the full year, net income was $2.1 billion, an
increase of $595 million from the $1.5 billion reported last year.

Sky Italia, the Italian pay-TV service, reported quarterly operating income of
$74 million, compared with a loss of $26 million a year ago.

Another bright spot was the Fox News Channel, which posted income gains of 30
percent for the fourth quarter and 40 percent for the full year. The network's
viewership jumped 30 percent in primetime and 17 percent on a 24-hour basis, the
largest gains for any cable news channel.

The film business reported quarterly operating income of $109 million, up $14
million from a year ago. The segment was helped by strong DVD sales of films
such as "Sideways" and "Napoleon Dynamite."

Meanwhile, the newspaper unit saw a $135 million jump in operating income to
$252 million.

News Corp. shares rose 25 cents to $17.44 in NYSE composite trading yesterday.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 3, 2005 Wednesday

RUPERT MURDOCH TO BE POST PUBLISHER

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 257 words


News Corp. Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch will become the new publisher of the
New York Post.

"Lachlan Murdoch has established a first-class competitive team at our
newspaper," Murdoch said yesterday.

"I will give them full support and I am extremely confident as to the strong
future of the New York Post. We are building a great asset."

Lachlan Murdoch announced his departure from News Corp. and The Post last week.

Rupert Murdoch was The Post's publisher from 1976, when News Corp. bought the
paper from Dorothy Schiff, until 1986, when the title went to Patrick Purcell,
now pub- lisher of the Boston Herald.

Two years later, federal regulations forced News Corp. to sell The Post.

Its new owner, Peter Kalikow, kept the paper until he was forced to sell in
1993.

News Corp. reacquired the paper later that year.

The Post's circulation has shown extraordinary growth in the past five years,
rising 57 percent from the six-month period ending in March 2000 to the
six-month period ending in March 2005.

The paper currently sells 678,105 copies daily, Monday through Friday, according
to the March publisher's statement from the Audit Bureau of Circulations.

During the five-year period, the paper experienced five consecutive six-month
periods of double-digit circulation growth.

The newspaper is America's oldest continuously published daily and the
seventh-largest newspaper in the nation. It was founded in November 1801 by
Alexander Hamilton, one of the nation's founding fathers, and a group of
prominent city merchants.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RUPERT MURDOCH  "Building a great asset."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 30, 2005 Saturday

POST PUBLISHER LACHLAN MURDOCH RESIGNS

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 354 words


After an 11-year career at News Corp., Lachlan Murdoch has resigned his numerous
executive positions and will serve as a director of the company.

Murdoch, 33, oversaw the company's 35 U.S. television stations, The Post and
HarperCollins, among other businesses - bringing in record profits at all the
divisions he headed, as well as a 40 percent jump in The Post's daily
circulation, making it America's seventh-largest daily.

He said he decided to resign his executive roles, effective Aug. 31, including
that of publisher at The Post.

"I am excited about my continued involvement with the company in a different
role," Murdoch said in a statement yesterday with his father, Rupert Murdoch,
chairman of News Corp. "I look forward to returning home to Australia with my
wife, Sarah, and son, Kalan, in the very near future."

"I would like especially to thank my father for all he has taught me in business
and in life. It is now time for me to apply those lessons to the next phase of
my career."

Rupert Murdoch said: "I am particularly saddened by my son's decision, and thank
him for his terrific contribution to the company, and also his agreement to stay
on the board and advise us in a number of areas. I have respected the
professionalism and integrity that he has exhibited throughout his career at
News Corp."

He said his son's "achievements include driving all of his reporting divisions
to record profits and . . . I am grateful that I will continue to have the
benefit of Lachlan's counsel and wisdom in his continued role on the company's
board."

Lachlan, who began his career cleaning presses at the company's Sydney
newspaper, graduated from Princeton University and handled various positions at
the company.

Since 2000, he has been deputy chief operating officer of News Corp., working
closely with Chief Operating Officer Peter Chernin.

He headed the company's 35 U.S. television stations since 2002 and launched the
successful duopoly strategy for serving viewers in the nine markets where the
company owns and operates two stations.

News Corp. class A shares slipped 19 cents to close at $16.38.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LACHLAN MURDOCH Bound for Oz.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 19, 2005 Tuesday

NEWS CORP. RAMPS UP WEB BIZ WITH $580M BUY

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 213 words


News Corp. said yesterday it agreed to buy Intermix Media for $580 million,
marking the latest in a slew of Internet investments by traditional media firms.

The deal followed Friday's announcement that News Corp. has formed a new
Internet division to oversee the company's news, sports and entertainment sites.

News Corp. is the parent company of The Post.

Intermix owns the social networking site MySpace.com, the fifth-ranked Web
domain in terms of page views, according to comScore Media Metrix.

"Intermix is an important acquisition for News Corp., instantly doubling the
number of visitors to our sites and providing an ideal foundation on which to
meaningfully increase our Internet presence," said News Corp. Chairman and CEO
Rupert Murdoch.

Intermix posted $24.1 million in revenue in its most recent quarter.

Five years after the bursting of the dot-com bubble, big media companies hoping
to cash in on the boom in online advertising are once again investing in the
Internet. Online advertising is expected to grow 15 percent this year to $7.9
billion, according to Universal McCann.

Viacom Inc. recently paid $160 million for the children's Web site Neopets. And
- as reported by The Post - CNET Networks and gaming Web site IGN Entertainment
are both on the block.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              July 5, 2005 Tuesday

LEVINSON IS ON HIS OWN

BYLINE: Steve Cuozzo

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 662 words


AFTER five years of wearing and juggling two high-profile hats, protean
dealmaker-investor David W. Levinson is leaving CB Richard Ellis to devote
himself to the real estate investment company he launched in June of 2000.

Levinson will leave CBRE, where he's a vice-chairman, on Aug. 1, but will
maintain a connection to the shop under the "honorary" title of vice-chairman
emeritus. The unusual arrangement will allow Levinson to keep one big client -
News Corp., the parent company of The Post.

Levinson said, "I'm very excited about moving and about the future prospects for
L&L," the property-hungry company he owns with Robert T. Lapidus.

"I am very proud of my years and my colleagues at CB Richard Ellis and I intend
to maintain a close and special relationship with them."

Mary Ann Tighe, CBRE's regional CEO, called it "an amicable parting. We're proud
that David and Rob were able to incubate L&L within our firm."

She added, "News Corp. will be David's client, but he'll work it through us in
his vice chairman emeritus capacity."

Motorcycle jockey and avid sportsman Levinson is one of the city's most
high-flying commercial brokers, credited with more than $12 billion in
transactions over 20 years.

Among other milestones, he negotiated major deals for Bear Stearns and played a
large role in the complex deal to build The Post's new color printing plant in
the South Bronx. In late 2003, he repped News Corp. in a complex, 750,000
square-foot expansion and renewal at 1211 Sixth Ave. - the year's biggest lease.

At Insignia/ESG, which CBRE acquired in 2003, Levinson was part of the
formidable quartet of vice-chairmen under-then CEO Stephen Siegel that for
several years dominated the market - a group that also included Tighe, Robert
Alexander and Michael Laginestra.

But Levinson itched to strike out on his own. In partnership with such backers
as Carlyle Group and GE Asset Management, L&L bought up one medium-size trophy
after another - like 150 Fifth Ave., which they converted into the new home of
record label EMI.

L&L also bought 600 Third Ave. and the office portion of Metropolitan Tower on
West 57th Street. A few months ago, L&L beat out a host of bidders to buy Peter
Kalikow's 195 Broadway for $270 million.

But the sometimes-conflicting demands of being a buyer-landlord and also a
commercial broker caused strain - as when L&L tapped CBRE's bitter archrival,
Cushman & Wakefield, to sell 261 Fifth Ave. this past spring. The building,
which L&L bought early last year for $114 million, sold for $195 million.

David Berkey, a CBRE executive vice-president and Levinson's right-hand man at
the brokerage, will join him as executive VP and leasing director at L&L.

*

Light Reading, the world's largest online telecom pub, is leaving 23 Leonard St.
for a larger, 8,500 square-foot space at the Rudin family's 32 Sixth Ave., the
high-tech Tribeca office tower. Cressa Partners repped the tenant and Rudin
Management repped the landlord.

*

Retail broker Scott Edlitz has left Robert K. Futterman to launch ZE Realty
Group, a new boutique retail brokerage in partnership with developer Donald
Zucker, builder of the new luxury condo tower at 205 E. 59th St.

In their first deal, ZE leased 3,700 square feet to Washington Mutual Bank at
Claridge's, the luxury apartment building at 1379 Sixth Ave. ZE represented the
landlord; Northwest-Atlantic Retail Services repped the bank.

*

In a complicated deal that involved both direct and sublease space and the
buyback of a previous tenant, accounting firm JH Cohn LLP renewed its lease and
expanded at 1212 Sixth Ave. The additional 16,877 square feet upped the firm to
43,570 feet in the building.

JH Cohn was repped by a CBRE team of Rocco Laginestra, Michael Laginestra, David
Hollander and Scott Wilpon. A different CBRE team - Jonathan Fales, Stacey
Fabrikant and Edward Goldman - repped landlord Kipp-Stawski.

Asking rents in the building are in the upper $40s-low $50s.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FLIES THE COOP: David W. Levinson (inset) is leaving CB Richard Ellis
for L&L, which he owns with Robert T. Lapidus. L&L won 195 Broadway (above).

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            June 15, 2005 Wednesday

RUNAWAY DEAL AT NBC NEWS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1435 words


DID NBC News pay for an interview with "Runaway Bride" Jennifer Wilbanks in a
roundabout way, and has publisher Judith Regan turned into a booker for the
Peacock Network?

Regan - who runs ReganBooks, an imprint of HarperCollins, which is owned by News
Corp. - is widely credited with brokering the deal Wilbanks made with NBC.

Wilbanks became a huge "get" when she ran away from her fiancé, John Mason,
without a word and fled cross-country. She later falsely claimed to police she'd
been kidnapped and is repaying her hometown of Gainesville, Ga., $13,000 - the
amount the town spent looking for her.

It was speculated the NBC deal would involve a book, a TV movie, a "Dateline"
special and a "Today" show appearance.

But word out of Georgia is that Wilbanks has no intention of writing a book
about her marital misstep, and instead scored a whopping $500,000 for a
mini-movie deal with NBC's entertainment division - with the unwritten agreement
that she would appear on "Today" with Katie Couric and do a Couric special on
"Dateline," which are both produced by the news division.

Couric's interview with Wilbanks was taped Monday and is set to air next Tuesday
and Wednesday. Her "Dateline" show will air Tuesday.

A network spokeswoman said: "NBC News has not, did not and will not enter any
deals or put forth any money for an interview - ever. It sounds to me that this
is sour grapes from a competitor who's missed out on a huge get."

Wilbanks' friends say: "There is no book." But they hear she will get $500,000
for the rights to her life story."

Another industry source said: "It is well known that NBC likes to keep NBC
projects on the NBC lot. If the entertainment side is doing something, it is
often promoted on the NBC News programs."

A ReganBooks rep said: "$500,000 for a mini-movie and 'Dateline' is incorrect,"
and refused to comment on whether or not a book was in the works.

An NBC News-er denied Wilbanks got any consideration. "Oh, please. Sean Hannity
at Fox News is also interviewing her" - albeit a day after Couric's interview
airs.

Bronx buddies

CHAZZ Palminteri will be spending less time at his Italian villa this summer so
he can hit the streets of his native Bronx to stump for childhood friend Phil
Foglia, the Republican candidate for the borough's 13th District City Council
seat. Palminteri and Foglia - formerly a crime-busting Assistant U.S. Attorney
under Rudy Giuliani - grew up in Belmont, the Italian neighborhood that was the
setting for "A Bronx Tale," which Palminteri wrote and directed. "I went to
Hollywood and he went to law school, but we've both scripted our own version of
'A Bronx Tale,' " Palminteri quipped.

Kissing Cousin

MAYOR Bloomberg is a Cousin Brucie fan. The two met a few months ago at a
Chinese restaurant in the Village. Monday, Hizzoner called the veteran deejay at
his upstate home to congratulate him on joining Sirius Satellite Radio after he
was let go by WCBS in a switch to non-human programming. Sources say Bloomberg
told Bruce Morrow that Sirius chief Mel Karmazin is "the smartest guy in
broadcasting" and promised he would never listen to "that [expletive] CBS radio
ever again."

Sightings

ALEX Rodriguez - the youngest major leaguer ever to hit 400 home runs - sitting
with a couple of pals by the rooftop pool at Soho House with his shirt off and
drawing admiring glances from ladies who liked his torso . . . BILLY Crystal
giving his closing performance of "700 Sundays" for Dick Parsons, Danny DeVito
and Walter Cronkite and then celebrating at Ruby Foo's in Times Square with
Matthew Broderick, Nathan Lane, Bernadette Peters and Bob Costas . . . MADONNA
and Guy Oseary dining at Indochine, with Tatum O'Neal in an adjacent booth.

Wife No. 4 elects to divorce

THIS Friday's election for mayor of Southampton just got more interesting. Peter
Tufo - the ex-Marine who headed up the N.Y.C. Dept. of Correction and the N.Y.
State Thruway Authority before becoming U.S. ambassador to Hungary - was leading
in the polls and looking like he'd coast to victory. Then, suddenly last week,
his fourth wife, Maya Rana, filed for divorce in Manhattan. Her lawyer, Raoul
Lionel Felder, told PAGE SIX, "There is a third party involved." Tufo, 66, was
married three years to Rana, 42, daughter of industrialist Shumsher J.B. Rana,
an economic advisor and business partner of Nepalese King Gyanendra. He first
met her in the '70s when he climbed Mount Everest. A friend of Tufo said, "He
had no idea she was about to file, and he is hurt and disappointed by the
timing. He was stunned she couldn't wait a few days." Tufo blames the collapse
of the marriage on "serious cultural issues," but adds, "I hope we can work this
out." What about a third party? "I'm hiring a lawyer. He can deal with Felder."

Pyrotechnics

THE party the other night at Frederick's for SoHo boutique Seven was hot -
literally. Former As Four designer Kai was armed with an aerosol can of hair
spray and almost set his ex-partner, Gabe, on fire. Later, the known
troublemaker hit the dance floor and and sprayed nearby candles, causing flames
and huge puffs of smoke. "He started doing a wild-man mad monk dance around the
fire until security stopped him," said a witness. "The security guard took off
his own jacket to douse the flames." When the designer was asked to leave, he
said, "My name is Kai. I am going nowhere."

Silence broken

THE mystery of the Brad Pitt-Jennifer Aniston (above) breakup has been solved.
If we were playing Clue, it was Miss Jolie in the bedroom with her killer bod.
But Aniston has finally broken her silence on the love triangle to the brilliant
Leslie Bennetts, who will write up the interview for Vanity Fair. Contrary to
early speculation, "She told Bennetts she did want babies with Brad, and that
starting a family wasn't the issue," one source told PAGE SIX. "The issue was
Brad cheated . . . and she is appalled by the 'family photos' coming out in W."
Brad and Angelina posed with pretend kids as one big happy family in the
upcoming monthly.

Groucho Freddy

FREDDY Ferrer (right) took one step back from his Groucho Marx look Sunday at
the Puerto Rican Day Parade as he marched with State Attorney General Eliot
Spitzer. Ferrer, who normally wears glasses, wore contact lenses instead, his
press secretary, Jen Blustein, confirmed. Ferrer didn't want his specs sliding
down his nose in the humid heat, she explained. Does this mean his retro
mustache is next? "You can be certain the mustache is staying," she said.

Fashion tyros feel pinch

UP and coming young designers are fuming at IMG, which runs the 7th on Sixth
fashion shows in Bryant Park. IMG has increased the cost of the smallest tent at
7th on Sixth almost 50 percent in one year. Last year, the spring 2005 shows
cost $18,000 - now they are $26,000 each. One designer e-mailed PAGE SIX: "The
tent is slightly bigger. But we can't afford this - they are squeezing the young
designers out of the tents. Why not increase the price of the largest tent for
the designers who can afford the increase? So much for helping those in the
business who  struggle." Fern Mallis, head of 7th on Sixth, said:
"Unfortunately, I wish we could keep prices down. It is a goal of ours to reach
a point where we could underwrite a venue for young designers. Right now
everyone who bills us - the vendors, everything - costs more every season.  We
have to reflect the prices that are charged to us."

Factory lady  loose in L.A.

IT'S amazing what some people will do to get attention in Los Angeles. "Lady"
Victoria Harvey - who is lambasted regularly in the London Mirror as a social
climber with a fake snooty background - is "going around L.A. telling everybody
that she is going to play Jane Holzer in 'Factory Girl,' " sniffed one of the
film's producers. Sadly, Harvey picked the wrong part to fake - inadvertently
taking on American nobility. "If the part was cast, it would go to Cornelia
Guest, not her," the producer added.

Going too far

THE paparazzi seem to just be getting ruder. On the red carpet at the Ziegfeld
Theatre in Midtown for the "Bewitched" premiere Monday night, a pack of
photographers including Star Max shooter Mitch Gerber were treated to the
movie's star, Nicole Kidman, posing with co-star Will Ferrell. But Gerber wanted
solo shots of Kidman and started booing when she began to move away. For the
first time in her career, an angry Kidman doubled back and berated the lensman
in front of his colleagues while saying, "You are incredibly rude." Neither
Gerber nor reps from Star Max were immediately available for comment.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -LEONARDO DICAPRIO TAKES ADVANTAGE OF A SUNNY DAY TO PLAY WITH HIS DOG
ON THE BEACH IN MALIBU.  [X17agency.com] -APPARENTLY ON-AGAIN COUPLE KIRSTEN
DUNST AND JAKE GYLLENHAAL GO SHOPPING TOGETHER IN BEVERLY HILLS.
[pacificcoastnews.com] -Jennifer Aniston; Freddy Ferrer, Groucho Marx -LEONARDO
DICAPRIO TAKES ADVANTAGE OF A SUNNY DAY TO PLAY WITH HIS DOG ON THE BEACH IN
MALIBU.  [X17agency.com] -APPARENTLY ON-AGAIN COUPLE KIRSTEN DUNST AND JAKE
GYLLENHAAL GO SHOPPING TOGETHER IN BEVERLY HILLS.  [pacificcoastnews.com]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 2, 2005 Thursday

'BREINDEL' AWARD TO ROSETT

BYLINE: ROBINSON

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 234 words


Writer Claudia Rosett's coverage of the U.N. oil-for-food scandal was honored
with the seventh annual Eric Breindel Award for Excellence in Journalism last
night at the New-York Historical Society.

The award, named for the late Post columnist and editor, was presented at a
ceremony hosted by News Corp.

Chairman Rupert Murdoch on the eve of what would have been Breindel's 50th
birthday.

Joining Murdoch was Post publisher Lachlan Murdoch, Mayor Bloomberg, Breindel's
mother, Sonia, and Newsweek editor Lally Weymouth.

Rosett, the journalist in residence at The Foundation for the Defense of
Democracies, has 23 years of experience writing on international affairs for
such outlets as The Wall Street Journal, The New Republic and The Weekly
Standard.

In accepting the plaque and a $10,000 award, she said Breindel "wrote with
clarity and passion for the most vital element of a free society - the truth."

Rosett praised a column Breindel wrote in February 1998, just a month before his
death, in which he warned that U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan was appeasing
Saddam Hussein in negotiations with the Iraqi dictator.

"He pointed to some of the things that were going on between the U.N. and Iraq
that led to the scandal I've been writing about," Rosett said.

Breindel warned that Annan's negotiations with Saddam would end U.N. Weapons
inspections, "which is exactly what happened," she said.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JOURNALISTIC EXCELLENCE: Claudia Rosett (2nd from right), is honored
with the Eric Breindel Award last night by (from left) Lally Weymouth, Rupert
Murdoch and Lachlan Murdoch.   [Josh Williams]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 2, 2005 Thursday

WRITER HONORED - 'BREINDEL' AWARD TO ROSETT

BYLINE: ED ROBINSON

SECTION: Sports Extra; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 152 words


Writer Claudia Rosett's coverage of the U.N. oil-for-food scandal was honored
with the seventh annual Eric Breindel Award for Excellence in Journalism last
night at the New-York Historical Society.

The award, named for the late Post columnist and editor, was presented at a
ceremony hosted by News Corp.

Chairman Rupert Murdoch on the eve of what would have been Breindel's 50th
birthday.

Joining Murdoch was Post publisher Lachlan Murdoch, Mayor Bloomberg, Breindel's
mother, Sonia, and Newsweek editor Lally Weymouth.

Rosett, the journalist in residence at The Foundation for the Defense of
Democracies, has 23 years of experience writing on international affairs for
such outlets as The Wall Street Journal, The New Republic and The Weekly
Standard.

In accepting the plaque and a $10,000 award, she said Breindel "wrote with
clarity and passion for the most vital element of a free society - the truth."

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JOURNALISTIC EXCELLENCE:Claudia Rosett (2nd from right), is honored
last night by (from left) Lally Weymouth, Rupert Murdoch and Lachlan Murdoch.
(Josh Williams)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 19, 2005 Thursday

MURDOCH LAUDS HERO EDUCATORS

BYLINE: ROBINSON

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 211 words


News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch last night praised teachers from an
organization dedicated to educating children in low-income areas - describing
them as "civil-rights leaders."

Murdoch was honored by Teach for America at a gala dinner at the
Waldorf-Astoria. The group recruits and places outstanding recent college
graduates who commit to teaching for two years in poor or rural schools.

He told the many young teachers at the dinner that they are "more than mentors
and educators. In a special way, you are also civil-rights leaders."

"America is no longer segregated by race, but too often it is segregated by
income," Murdoch said. He also said American business leaders have a "huge stake
in education reform" if they want to compete with talent from abroad.

He lauded Teach For America for helping to give children opportunities
regardless of their families' income level.

The award was presented to Murdoch by Schools Chancellor Joel Klein, who called
him "an enormous supporter of public education." Klein thanked him for backing a
Teach for America program that trains organization members to become
public-school principals.

Last night's dinner, which raised $2 million for Teach for America, was
underwritten by News Corp., which owns The Post.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CLASSY TRIO: Rupert Murdoch last night at the Waldorf with Teach for
America President Wendy Kopp and Chancellor Joel Klein. [Josh Williams]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                               May 6, 2005 Friday

NBC WANTS TO TAKE 24

BYLINE: ADAM BUCKMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 117

LENGTH: 260 words


THE suspense series "24" is embroiled in a nail-biter of its own over its
renewal for next season.

With less than two weeks to go until Fox unveils its new fall lineup May 19, the
future of "24" is the subject of intense negotiations between the network and
the series' producer, Twentieth Television, a unit of the same parent company,
News Corp., which also owns The Post.

And there's an added wrinkle: NBC is also interested in "24," The Post has
learned.

"I can tell you that NBC has not been shy about expressing their interest in
'24,' " said a source who requested anonymity.

The issue is money. Unlike previous renewals, this one is complicated by the
fact that Fox's initial four-year license term for "24" expires with the end of
the current season (the finale airs May 23).

When a license term expires, the price goes up.

"Essentially, the price tag for a series generally goes up dramatically after
being on the air for four years," a source explained.

The tug-of-war over "24" comes as the "real-time" series - starring Kiefer
Sutherland as a federal anti-terrorism agent - is enjoying its best ratings
ever. With just shy of 12 million viewers per episode this season (according to
Nielsen), "24" is the second-highest-rated drama series on Fox (after "House").

But instances of TV series switching networks are rare. And while NBC's
intrusion in the negotiating process might drive up the price of a fifth season
of "24" even more, the odds favor Fox making a deal to keep the series.

Officials of Fox and Twentieth Television declined comment.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 5, 2005 Thursday

NEWS CORP. NET OFF 8% TO $400M

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 230 words


News Corp.'s quarterly profit fell 8 percent because of expenses related to
unwinding a sports partnership with Cablevision.

However, the media giant's third quarter revenue surged 17 percent to $6
billion, compared with $5.2 billion in the same period last year.

Net profit declined by $34 million to $400 million, while operating income grew
9 percent to $889 million.

News Corp. is the parent company of The Post.

Much of the company's growth was driven by its cable networks and film
businesses.

The company's filmed entertainment segment reported a 15 percent jump in
operating income, from $218 million last year to $251 million in this year's
third quarter. The results were largely driven by DVD sales of the films "Alien
vs. Predator," "Napoleon Dynamite" and "I, Robot."

Operating income at the cable networks business grew 55 percent in the third
quarter, rising from $61 million to $172 million. Fox News continued to show
robust growth, as operating income rose 45 percent.

The quarter was affected by a $77 million loss from restructuring a partnership
with Cablevision that involved dividing up ownership in several regional sports
networks.

The company's television operating income fell 15 percent to $221 million,
partly due to higher programming costs from airing the Super Bowl.

News Corp. stock closed yesterday up 35 cents, or 2.2 percent, at $16.35.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                               May 2, 2005 Monday

LACHLAN MURDOCH GETS CANNES HONOR

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 167 words


News Corp.'s deputy chief operating officer and New York Post publisher Lachlan
Murdoch has been named Media Person of the Year by the Cannes International
Advertising Festival.

Cannes Festival CEO Terry Savage noted Murdoch's roles in overseeing publisher
HarperCollins, News America Marketing, and chairmanship of News Limited,
publisher of The Australian.

Savage also highlighted Murdoch's stewardship of The Post as its publisher.

"During his tenure, daily circulation [of The Post] has increased by over 40 per
cent and the paper has become the seventh largest in the United States," Savage
said.

Murdoch was cited for being an example of the new generation of media
entrepreneurs with vision, drive and commitment, according to the Weekend
Australian.

Previous honorees include Viacom founder Sumner Redstone, AOL Time Warner CEO
Gerald Levin and Italian media magnate and Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.

The festival is widely considered the "Oscars" of the advertising industry.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              March 4, 2005 Friday

HEARTY SALUTE TO SISKIND

BYLINE: Robinson

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 140 words


Colleagues, friends and relatives of retiring News Corp. group general counsel
Arthur Siskind gathered at the Four Seasons restaurant in Midtown last night to
pay tribute to him.

"Arthur has made a tremendous contribution over 30 years, both as a fine
attorney and a great friend," said Rupert Murdoch, chairman and chief executive
of News Corp., which owns The Post.

Siskind's successor, Lon Jacobs, described him as "a good and decent man" and a
"very creative lawyer," while praising his role in the company's recent
reincorporation in the United States.

Siskind, who plans to spend more time with wife Mary Ann, said he's had a "great
run of 31 years," and praised Murdoch as "the most innovative businessman of the
20th century."

He'll remain on News Corp's board of directors and serve as an adviser to the
chairman.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: KUDOS FROM THE BOSS: News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch (left) and wife
Wendi (right) salute counsel Arthur Siskind, with wife Mary Ann.   [Maryanne
Russell]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          February 23, 2005 Wednesday

CVC ENDS MSG PACT WITH FOX

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 324 words


Cablevision's deal yesterday to take full ownership of its New York sports
assets triggered renewed speculation on Wall Street that the Dolan family is
moving toward a sale of the company.

Cablevision and News Corporation announced a deal yesterday to unwind its
complicated partnership. Cablevision will take control of Madison Square Garden,
Radio City Music Hall, as well as the Knicks and the Rangers.

News Corp., which had owned 40 percent of the partnership, will take control of
Fox Sports Net, as well as regional sports networks in Ohio and Florida.

News Corp. is the parent company of The Post.

The companies said the deal is "generally a tax-free exchange of assets."

Wall Street analysts said the deal was another sign that the Dolan family -
which controls Long Island-based Cablevision - is likely to put the company up
for sale.

Analysts and investors say the most likely scenario is for the company to sell
off its valuable cable systems, which serve some 3 million households in the
area, to Time Warner, and to sell its cable channels - which include American
Movie Classsics, WE: Women's Entertainment and IFC - to either Viacom or Time
Warner.

Under this scenario, the New York City real estate and sports assets, including
the sports teams and Madison Square Garden, would remain together and be run by
Cablevision CEO Jimmy Dolan.

Earlier this year, a boardroom battle erupted at Cablevision over the future of
the company's satellite TV business, pitting Jimmy Dolan against his father,
Chuck Dolan.

The elder Dolan sought to have the company continue to fund the sat TV venture -
called Voom - but lost the board vote.

Chuck Dolan later agreed to buy the Voom assets.

---

Breakup

News Corp. gets:

Fox Sports Net

FSN Ohio

FSN Florida

National Advertising Partners

Cablevision gets:

Madison Square Garden

New York Knicks

New York Rangers

New York Liberty

FSN New York & Chicago

Radio City Entertainment

MSG Network

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JAMES DOLAN Cablevision CEO. (m)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            February 11, 2005 Friday

MOUSE BOARD 'FAMILY' FEUD

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO and HOLLY M. SANDERS

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 434 words


Disney's board may be on the brink of an internal battle over the
much-criticized purchase of the Fox Family Channel in light of revelations from
a new book.

Some directors were outraged to read in "DisneyWar," by James B. Stewart, that
top executives failed to disclose information to the board that could have
allowed the company to recoup millions on the acquisition, sources told The
Post.

According to the book, Disney executives chose to forego huge potential tax
savings rather than write down the value of the channel on its books - an
admission that the company had vastly overpaid. Fox Family was owned by News
Corp., the parent company of The Post.

Disney Chairman George Mitchell met with the board yesterday ahead of the
company's annual meeting scheduled for today in Minneapolis. Through a
spokesman, he denied that some directors were considering asking for a review of
the 2001 purchase.

"This is patently false," he said. "I personally asked every board member this
afternoon, and each of them confirmed that this is false and unfounded."

The channel - now renamed ABC Family - has failed to live up to the expectations
of Disney executives, who predicted the purchase would boost ad revenue for its
media networks division by 50 percent within two years. Disney Chief Executive
Michael Eisner also has conceded the company overpaid for the assets.

Critics have said Disney - which laid out $3 billion in cash and assumed $2.3
billion in debt for Fox Family Channel - overpaid by as much as $2 billion,
making the buy a prime example of Eisner's mismanagement.

Stewart's book describes how Disney Chief Financial Officer Tom Staggs launched
a highly confidential valuation to determine if the channel was worth far less
than the company had paid for it. If so, Disney could save big on its tax bill.

According to the book, the report estimated the company could have saved about
$400 million. Based on that analysis, Disney had overpaid $1.8 billion for the
channel alone, excluding programming and other assets.

But the project was halted before Staggs and his staff could finish their work.

They were told that Staggs had presented the results to chief strategic officer
Peter Murphy, who had rejected the low valuation as inconsistent with the
company's rosy projections, according to the book.

In addition, the timing was bad because then-board members Roy Disney and
Stanley Gold were extremely critical of the Fox Family, the book said. Disney
and Gold would later resign from the board and lead a shareholder revolt that
resulted in Eisner losing his chairman's role.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 3, 2005 Thursday

NEWS 2Q NET UP BY 80%

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 269 words


News Corp.'s quarterly profit surged on the back of robust DVD sales of the
movie "Day After Tomorrow" and strong growth in advertising sales at the media
giant's cable networks.

News Corp. reported quarterly revenue of $6.6 billion, up 18 percent from last
year's $5.6 billion for the period ended Dec. 31.

Consolidated operating income jumped 24 percent, rising to $954 million from
$770 million a year ago.

Net income rose to $386 million, or 13 cents per share, up 80 percent from $215
million, or 8 cents per share, in the year-ago period.

News Corp. is the parent company of The Post.

"Film thrived this past quarter as our summer theatrical successes generated
even greater returns in home entertainment," said News Corp. Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer Rupert Murdoch.

"At the same time, our diverse set of cable channels turned higher ratings and
more desirable demographics into increased revenues and continued profit
growth."

The company's filmed entertainment unit saw second quarter operating income jump
57 percent, rising to $407 million from $260 million in the year-ago period. It
marked the strongest quarter ever for DVD sales at the company as the releases
"Garfield," "Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story" and the "The Star Wars Trilogy"
were hot sellers.

The cable networks group reported second quarter operating income of $227
million, an increase of $72 million over last year's result. The Fox News
Channel saw its operating income grow 45 percent, fueled by double-digit
advertising revenue growth that was partially offset by costs from covering the
U.S. presidential election.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 'DAY AFTER' DVD Boom.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            January 11, 2005 Tuesday

NEWS CORP. BUYING OUT FOX

BYLINE: Tim Arango

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 125 words


News Corp. plans to take full control of Fox Entertainment, having offered
yesterday to buy out the portion of Fox it doesn't already own for about $5.9
billion.

The announcement has been widely expected in the wake of the media giant's
decision last year to move its home base to the United States from Australia.

News Corp. is the parent company of The Post.

Under the offer, News Corp. will exchange 1.9 shares of its stock for each
outstanding Fox share that it doesn't already own.

News Corp. owns 82.1 percent of the equity in Fox and 97 percent of the voting
power. News closed at $17.85, off 38 cents.

Based on Friday's closing prices, News Corp. said its offer represented a 7.4
percent premium for Fox shareholders.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           January 5, 2005 Wednesday

CNBC-U-LATER - CEO THOMAS-GRAHAM'S DAYS MAY BE NUMBERED

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 497 words


CNBC Chief Pamela Thomas-Graham's future at the ratings-challenged business-news
network is in doubt, The Post has learned.

With ratings down substantially at CNBC - and its primetime lineup in disarray -
numerous sources inside and close to the network say that NBC Universal's top
brass, Bob Wright and Jeff Zucker, are seriously considering a change at the top
of the network.

In addition to the ratings slump, CNBC is also gearing up for competition from
Fox News, which is expected to launch its own business-news network sometime
this year. (Both Fox News and The Post are owned by News Corp.).

The Fox News channel was launched in 1996 and in recent years overtook Time
Warner's CNN as the most watched cable news channel.

The timing of any move is uncertain, but two sources said Thomas-Graham's
departure could come as soon as this month.

An NBC Universal spokesperson said: "Pamela is president and CEO of CNBC and
continues to be a valued member of our team."

For Jeff Zucker, who many speculate is in line to succeed Wright as NBC
Universal CEO, the situation at CNBC is just one of two ratings challenges he
faces. Zucker, who is president of the entertainment, news and cable group, is
also on the hot seat for the fall in ratings at NBC, whose primetime lineup was
bumped from the top spot by CBS.

In 2004, CNBC's total viewers during the daytime slipped 21 percent, from an
average of 184,000 to 146,000, according to Nielsen Media Research.

Since the Internet meltdown of 2000, CNBC's daytime viewers have declined 61
percent, while its primetime ratings have skidded 64 percent.

However, CNBC's defenders at NBC say the network rings up profits of more than
$250 million a year and continues to command high ad rates because of its
audience of wealthy Wall Streeters.

The network was recently forced to dump the heavily promoted primetime show
"McEnroe," hosted by ex-tennis star John McEnroe, after the show posted a zero
rating on Nielsen.

Insiders at the network say they are bracing for what could be several executive
changes at the network. Some speculate that Jonathan Wald and Steve Friedman,
two former producers of NBC's "Today" show - a job once held by Zucker - could
take on wider roles within the network. Both Friedman and Wald have been tapped
as consultants by Zucker to help spruce up CNBC's coverage.

It is unclear if Thomas-Graham will stay within the company should she leave
CNBC, although sources said it is possible she will be offered another job
within General Electric.

Thomas-Graham, a published novelist and graduate of Harvard's law and business
schools, became president and CEO of CNBC in 2001 after working for almost two
years as the head of CNBC.com.

---

Static

CNBC President and CEO Pamela Thomas-Graham is on the ropes at the
financial-news network amid falling ratings and some high-profile flops. The
misses:

* "McEnroe" canceled

* Daytime viewership fell 21% in '04

* Primetime viewership is off 64% since 2000

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: - TV talk show flop "McEnroe." (Dave Allocca/startracks) - Pamela
Thomas-Graham  CNBC Chief - TV talk show flop "McEnroe." (Dave
Allocca/startracks)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            January 4, 2005 Tuesday

POST PARENT NEWS CORP. ANSWERS CALL TO HELP

BYLINE: MARSHA KRANES

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 255 words


News Corp., The Post's parent company, yesterday announced that it will
contribute $1 million toward the massive relief effort in tsunami-devastated
south Asia.

The company also plans to match - dollar for dollar - contributions made toward
disaster relief by its employees.

The $1 million donation will be divided evenly between two major charities -
Oxfam America and the Salvation Army, News Corp. Chairman and Chief Executive
Rupert Murdoch told employees in an e-mail.

Under the company's matching-donations program, he said, all contributions made
to any of the relief organizations on the USA Freedom Corps Web site will be
duplicated by News Corp.

Murdoch said the company's donations and fund-raising drive were launched in
response to President Bush's urgent appeal to all Americans to support the
relief efforts now underway.

"In announcing this effort, the president placed his faith in what he called
'the good heart of the American people,' " Murdoch told his staffers.

In addition to the donations, he said, "I have also asked all of our U.S.-based
media to support the president's call by devoting as much space and airtime as
practicable to encourage Americans to open their pocketbooks to this great
humanitarian enterprise."

He noted, "The tragedy that unfolded last week is of unimaginable breadth: more
than 150,000 dead; thousands missing; 5 million homeless; millions more
vulnerable to disease.

"While the world has already responded with great compassion, we can do more -
and we should do more."

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 3, 2004 Friday

UJA HONORS SISKIND OF NEWS CORP.

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 103 words


Arthur Siskind, group general counsel of News Corp., was presented with the
UJA-Federation of New York's Judge Joseph M. Proskauer Award at a benefit at the
Grand Hyatt New York last night.

The prestigious award honors members of the legal community committed to
philanthropy and whose conduct and service exemplifies the highest ideals of the
law.

Rupert Murdoch, chairman and chief executive of News Corp., which owns The Post,
presented the award.

"Arthur has been with us for more than 30 years as a respected and trusted
executive," Murdoch said.

"He is a wonderful human being with a very big heart."

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: KUDOS: Rupert Murdoch presents Arthur Siskind (left) with the UJA's
Proskauer Award last night. (Robert Miller)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            November 19, 2004 Friday

FORBES SALUTE FOR MURDOCH

BYLINE:  Ed Robinson

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 174 words


News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch was honored last night with the first annual
B.C. Forbes Award, named after the founder of Forbes magazine.

The award was created to honor extraordinary contributions to America by an
immigrant. This year marks the 100th anniversary of B.C. Forbes' emigration to
the United States from Scotland. He landed at Ellis Island in 1904.

Murdoch, a native of Australia, became an American citizen in 1985. He was
presented with the award by former Mayor Rudy Giuliani and by Steve Forbes, the
president and editor-in-chief of Forbes magazine.

"The day he came to the U.S. was a wonderful day for Rupert and a wonderful day
for America because we got a truly great man," Giuliani said.

In accepting the award, Murdoch said, "In my book, anyone who comes to the U.S.
and gives an honest day's work for an honest day's pay is not only getting
closer to the American dream but helping the rest of us get to the American
dream as well."

Murdoch is the chairman of News Corp., which is the parent company of The Post.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HONORED: Rupert Murdoch gets kudos from Rudy Giuliani at last night's
B.C. Forbes Awards gala. (Josh Williams)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 4, 2004 Thursday

NEWS CORP. NET PROFIT SOARS 27%

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 277 words


News Corp. saw healthy gains in profit and revenue in the fiscal first quarter -
helped by growth in advertising at the Fox News Channel and the Fox broadcast
network, as well as a strong performance from the company's newspapers in the
U.K. and Australia.

News Corp. reported quarterly revenue of $5.2 billion, up 12 percent from last
year's $4.6 billion for the period ended Sept. 30.

Consolidated operating income also jumped 12 percent, rising to $805 million
from $719 million last year.

Net profit rose 27 percent to $536 million, from $422 million in the year-ago
period.

Net profit before other items was $467 million, or 32 cents per American
depositary receipt, compared with $386 million, or 29 cents per ADR, in the
year-earlier quarter.

The results surpassed the expectations of Wall Street analysts, who had been
forecasting earnings of 30 cents per ADR, according to a survey conducted by
Reuters Estimates.

News Corp. is the parent company of The Post.

In addition, the company is in the process of moving its headquarters and main
stock-market listing to the U.S.

"Double-digit earnings gains at our television, cable, newspapers and magazines
and inserts segments, as well as strong profits from filmed entertainment,
underscore the sustained financial strength across our diverse and balanced
collection of assets," said News Corp. Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch.

The cable networks group reported operating income of $196 million, up $63
million from last year. The Fox News Channel saw 20 percent growth in operating
income.

Meanwhile the television segment reported operating income of $233 million, a 30
percent jump from last year.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 4, 2004 Thursday

HARVEY FINDS HIS GHOST - VF'S DIGIACOMO TO CO-AUTHOR WEINSTEIN'S MEMOIR

BYLINE: Sara Nelson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 773 words


EMBATTLED Miramax co-founder Harvey Weinstein has at long last found a co-author
for his autobiography, commissioned four months ago by HarperCollins. Like The
Post, HarperCollins is owned by News Corp.

Weinstein is expected to make an offer to Frank DiGiacomo, currently a
contributing editor at Vanity Fair.

According to sources, Weinstein considered nearly a dozen co-authors, and
rejected them all, including James Kaplan, a novelist and journalist who
co-wrote John McEnroe's best-selling "You Cannot Be Serious" and Jeff Coplon,
who has co-authored a number of celebrity bios, including ones with Cher and
Tina Sinatra.

Weinstein met with DiGiacomo, who has also worked at The New York Observer and
The New York Post, and told the writer he was the one.

DiGiacomo says he's "interested in doing a book" with Weinstein, but has yet to
receive a formal offer.

HarperCollins Executive Editor David Hirshey, who commissioned the book from
Weinstein, said: "Harvey has talked to a number of writers, and all I can tell
you is he didn't pick Peter Biskind."

Biskind is the author of the bestselling "Down and Dirty Pictures," which did
not cast Weinstein in the most favorable light.

*

In a year that saw a record number of political books hit bestsellers lists, the
election results have publishers wondering whether the once popular titles will
have a second life in the second W administration.

The one book that is virtually assured of continued success, is Barack Obama's
"Dreams From My Father," which Three Rivers Press published in paperback in
August.

The book has been among the top sellers on Amazon since the Democratic
convention and will likely remain there now that Obama has become the
senator-elect from Illinois.

Both liberals and conservatives are passionate about their causes, and will
remain so through a second Bush administration, he says.

Still "Unfit for Command," the anti-Kerry Regnery-published title that has been
a bestseller since its August publication, will quietly disappear.

But now that another Bush tenure is a fait accompli, will readers lose interest
in stories from the first one?

The answer depends in part on whether publishers can re-cast some of their
titles in the public's mind, stressing historical value over specific current
events.

Kitty Kelley's bestselling "The Family" - over 725,000 in print - may continue
to do well, because it is less about politics than about the Bushes as people.

Martha Levin, publisher of Free Press, which released Richard Clarke's surprise
bestseller "Against All Enemies," says the house has no immediate plans to
re-print or re-ship that title, which has sold 600,000 in hardcover.

There are 150,000 copies of the paperback in stores now, she says, and she
expects sales to continue to be strong, despite the very specific time and
events it depicts.

"This is a chance for people to see how much history there is in the book," she
says.

Our long national nightmare is over.

*

"Citizen Girl," the long awaited, much discussed, controversial new novelfrom
the authors of the phenomenally successful "The Nanny Diaries," will arrive in
stores from Atria Books next week

It has been a long road to publication for authors Emma McLaughlin and Nicola
Kraus, who published their first book, "The Nanny Diaries," with St. Martin's
Press.

"Nannies" went on to head bestseller lists and has sold more than one million
copies in hardcover and several hundred thousand in paperback.

The marketing campaign for "Citizen Girl" uncharacteristically addresses the
book's tortured history.

"Two years ago, after receiving a highly publicized mega-million dollar two-book
deal, the authors were faced with the question of whether to write the book
their former publisher wanted them to write . . . or to move on to another house
and write the novel that they felt reflected not just the times but their
readership," reads a press release sent out with the book.

Executives at Random House declined to comment on the statement, but it is
clearly a well-spun take on the facts.

Random House did indeed promise a several million dollar payout for two books,
but the house, not the authors, cancelled the first book after deeming it
unpublishable.

Atria paid significantly less than Random House for "Citizen Girl."

Cancellation of high profile books is rare, and press releases usually do not
address back-story controversies.

When asked about the press release, Justin Loeber, Atria's director of
publicity, re-phrased his statement to say the authors had "some editorial
differences with that publisher [i.e. Random House] and parted ways."

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THE WRITE STUFF: Harvey Weinstein (above, left, with Renee Zellweger),
wants Vanity Fair's Frank DiGiacomo (top, right) to co-author his autobiography.
Illinois' Senator-elect, Barack Obama's book, "Dreams From My Father," is likely
to get another boost in sales post-election.    [WireImage, Patrick McMullan,
EPA]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 3, 2004 Wednesday

BUSINESS BRIEFS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 275 words


News Corp.

News Corporation received final court approval from a federal court in Australia
for completing the company's change in domicile from Australia to the U.S. News
Corporation will now be incorporated in Delaware and traded on the New York
Stock Exchange as a fully listed U.S. company.

Bearish Bear

Bear Stearns publicly extolled WorldCom stock while its analysts and investment
bankers exchanged e-mails about the telecom giant's financial problems, court
papers filed in an Alabama investors' lawsuit show.

Gateway-AOL

Gateway Inc. said it has agreed to repurchase stock held by America Online Inc.
for $316 million. Gateway said it will pay $185.6 million in cash and a give AOL
a $130 million credit under their revenue-sharing agreement for the shares.

Playboy earns

Playboy Enterprises Inc. said it had a third-quarter profit of $1.9 million, or
6 cents a share, compared with a loss of $900,000, or 3 cents, a year earlier,
as it sold more advertising and boosted online subscriptions. Sales rose 8
percent to $80.2 million.

Black out

Conrad Black quit as chairman and CEO of Hollinger Inc., which controls the
publisher of the Chicago Sun-Times, preempting a court decision that may have
ousted him as early as yestrday. An Ontario Superior Court judge was scheduled
to consider a shareholder demand to remove Black, his wife and allies as
directors of the Toronto-based company.

Rigas redux

A judge ruled that former Adelphia Communications Corp. vice president Michael
Rigas must face a second trial on securities fraud charges after a jury
deadlocked in July.

Sources: Bloomberg, AP, Reuters, N.Y. Post

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 21, 2004 Thursday

LIFE LESSONS FROM MARTHA - DOMESTIC DIVA'S MEMOIR WILL START AT THE BEGINNING

BYLINE: Sara Nelson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 721 words


BEFORE she entered "Camp Cupcake," Martha Stewart and her representatives met
directly with several publishers in New York about selling her story.

One meeting was with Judith Regan, head of ReganBooks, a division of
HarperCollins. HarperCollins is a unit of News Corp, which also owns The Post.

But hear this: Martha Stewart is not now and has not ever been planning to sell
publishers a memoir of her time in prison, says Anna Cordasco, a spokeswoman for
the incarcerated domestic diva.

Partly because she cannot legally profit from a book about the crime, the work
she is considering is more of a whole-life memoir, which might include some
lessons learned during this difficult period in her life.

According to one source, Stewart is looking for more than $6 million for the
project, a sum that would go a long way toward paying her hefty legal bills.

It also is widely believed that Stewart has had some conversations with the
Crown Group, whose Clarkson Potter division has published her recent lifestyle
books. She may have met with at least one other publisher.

No deal has been made.

*

What a difference a year makes.

In May 2003, Riverhead published "The Kite Runner," a moving novel about a boy
growing up in Afghanistan, to rave reviews. Sales were good but not spectacular
- and there was some concern that the house had way overpaid ($1 million) for
the first novel.

Today, "The Kite Runner" is a best-selling paperback that is making money for
its author, Khaled Hosseini, and its publisher.

Riverhead says it has more than 500,000 copies in print. (Nielsen BookScan,
which is thought to account for about 70 percent of total books sold, puts the
sales figure at 190,000.) According to BookScan, the book is regularly selling
between 12,500 and 15,000 copies a week.

In theory, U.S. publishers release books in two formats - first hardcover, then
a year later in paperback - to give them two chances to succeed.

While most publicity and media attention is paid to a book when it comes out in
hardcover, many people prefer to buy paperback.

At one time, publishers expected to sell two paperbacks for every hardcover they
sold, although there is some question whether that is a reasonable expectation
in today's publishing climate.

But the hardcover version of "The Kite Runner" sold 55,000 copies, according to
the publisher; 27,000, BookScan says. Its paperback-to-hardcover sales are thus
more like 7-to-1 - far more than any publisher would have dared anticipate.

What happened? Riverhead co-head Cindy Spiegel, who acquired the book and says
she always believed it would perform well. (Spiegel likens the sales pattern to
that of one of her other successes, 1996's "The Color of Water," James McBride's
memoir that sold 60,000 copies in hardcover and 1.7 million in paperback.)

Her theory is that if hardcover copies are still being ordered by bookstores
when the paperback comes out, there's a good chance the paperback will pick up
the momentum.

Others suggest good timing played a part, and point to the fact that the subject
- repressive life in a Muslim country - is particularly topical right now.
(Note: another Middle Eastern-themed book, "Reading Lolita in Tehran," has been
the same kind of paperback bonanza for its publisher, Random House.)

But there's another factor, too - and that is the power of book clubs, whether
individual or municipal, and the word of mouth they can generate. "The Kite
Runner" really began to take off, says a Riverhead spokeswoman, when a
countywide reading initiative in eastern Connecticut chose the book.

Rhode Island also picked it for its statewide reading program, and so have
dozens of high schools and countless private book clubs nationwide.

Riverhead has quietly made a deal with Hosseini for a second novel, also about
Afghanistan, to be called "Dreaming in Titanic City."

*

A big blogger book has finally landed. After a two-day auction, Ana Marie Cox -
aka creator and voice of Wonkette.com - has sold her novel to Riverhead Books
for $275,000.

The story of a young Washingtonian Bridget Jones-type, the book takes place in
the period between the 2004 Republican and Democratic conventions.

Several publishers bid for the project, which will be edited by Riverhead
co-head Julie Grau. Cox is repped by the David Black agency.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: POLITIC$ SELLS: D.C. blogger Wonkette, aka Ana Marie Cox (left), scored
a $275,000 deal at Riverhead Books for her Bridget Jones-type novel. Afghan
novelist Khaled Hosseini (top right) has a paperback blockbuster with "The Kite
Runner." Meanwhile, Martha Stewart plans to write a whole-life memoir - not one
that draws only on her "Camp Cupcake" experience.         [L.A. Times; Charmain
Reading; AP]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 12, 2004 Thursday

NEWS CORP. NET UP 7.8% IN QTR.

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 317 words


News Corp. reported strong fourth quarter revenue and profit gains yesterday on
the back of big advertising gains at the Fox News Channel and other cable
networks.

The media conglomerate reported fourth-quarter revenue of $5.5 billion, up 20
percent from the $4.6 billion generated in the same quarter last year. Net
profit jumped 7.8 percent to $399 million, or 29 cents per American depositary
receipt, compared with $370 million, or 24 cents per ADR, in the year-ago
period.

Both profit and revenue numbers surpassed the expectations of Wall Street
analysts, according to a survey by Thomson First Call.

News Corp. is the parent company of The Post.

For the full year, net profit increased 57 percent to $1.6 billion.

Virtually all of News Corp.'s businesses - which include cable networks,
newspapers, the 20th Century Fox movie studio and the Fox broadcast network -
reported solid gains.

"It was a year in which we enjoyed the success achieved through expanded
distribution of our content, such as our films and television product in home
entertainment, and our growing ratings and subscribers at our array of cable
channels," said News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch.

The cable networks business reported a 60 percent jump in operating income to
$154 million. The Fox News Channel reported a 40 percent jump in operating
income for both the quarter and the full year, due to higher advertising prices.

The numbers were also helped by the absence of losses from the Los Angeles
Dodgers, which was sold in the third quarter.

The filmed entertainment group reported quarterly operating income of $91
million, up 7 percent from a year ago. The results were helped by DVD sales of
"Cheaper by the Dozen," as well as catalog titles such as "Ice Age" and "There's
Something About Mary."

The earnings report came out after the bell yesterday. News Corp. shares had
closed down 52 cents at $32.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 29, 2004 Tuesday

AMERICAN KIDS LOSING EDUCATION BATTLE

BYLINE: DAVID SEIFMAN City Hall Bureau Chief

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 298 words


Unless failing public schools are turned around, kids here are going to lose
jobs to better-educated youngsters half a world away, News Corporation Chairman
and CEO Rupert Murdoch warned yesterday.

In a speech before the New York City Leadership Academy, Murdoch said the city's
1.1 million schoolchildren aren't competing against their counterparts in other
American cities, such as Houston, Atlanta or Seattle.

"They are competing against New Delhi and Shanghai and Seoul," Murdoch declared.
"And let me say it plainly: Our students are losing."

In 30 years, he said, Asia is expected to generate "more than half the economic
activity on the planet," and those jobs will go to those able to perform complex
tasks in a global, information-driven society.

"Unless we get education right, this new American century may not last more than
a couple of decades," said Murdoch, who challenged other corporate executives to
support school reform.

"Frankly, I think too few of my peers in the corporate world are stepping up to
that responsibility to support the schools," he said. "After all, their
corporations will be some of the major beneficiaries if this initiative works.

"Many of us talk about education. It's time for more of us to put our money
where our mouth is."

Murdoch's speech was the first such annual academy lecture, which is named for
him.

The academy was opened last year to train school principals. The first class of
77 will graduate soon.

City officials said News Corporation - owner of The Post - has contributed $5
million over three years to help fund the academy, which is trying to raise $75
million.

Murdoch praised the academy, telling educators assembled at the Museum of Jewish
Heritage, "The work you are doing goes to the very marrow of what matters."

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            June 16, 2004 Wednesday

THE BREINDEL AWARD

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 333 words


With many commentators in the main  stream news media increasingly   heaping
scorn on America's concerted effort to destroy global terrorism, Daniel
Henninger's unapologetic endorsement of that effort is a breath of fresh air.

Which is why Henninger, deputy editor of The Wall Street Journal's editorial
page, is this year's recipient of the Eric Breindel Award for Excellence in
Opinion Journalism, presented last night at a packed reception.

The award honors the late editorial-page editor of The Post, who died in 1998 at
the age of 42. It is bestowed by the Eric Breindel Memorial Foundation and
endowed by News Corp., The Post's parent company.

Each year, the prize recognizes the work of a columnist, editorialist or
reporter whose work best reflects the twin spirits that so animated Breindel's
own writings: love of this country and its democratic institutions, as well as
bearing witness to the evils of totalitarianism.

These sentiments loom even larger as the world struggles with the sobering
implications of the War on Terror.

Henninger's work certainly qualifies him for the honor. A Journal staff
editorial writer since 1977, he shared in the paper's 2002 Pulitzer Prize for
articles on the aftermath of 9/11, and has been a Pulitzer finalist for
editorial writing on two other occasions.

And he's not afraid to challenge the conventional wisdom. In one memorable
column, he proposed the creation of an "anti anti-American movement" to "speak
out against the current compulsion among intellectuals, here and abroad, to pain
the United States as a lonely, lumbering and stupid interloper in the
ever-so-complex affairs of a sophisticated world."

Indeed, he added, "the people of the United States may well decide that
constantly bailing out an ungrateful world is a job they too can shove. If that
ever happens, the world that results may not be so pretty."

A sober, compelling - and necessary - assessment. And a fitting pick for the
Eric Breindel Award.

We congratulate him.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 5, 2004 Saturday

NEW JOB FOR EX-POST EDITOR

BYLINE: Paul Tharp

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 162 words


David Yelland, former deputy editor of The Post and ex-editor of The Sun in
London, has joined public relations firm Weber Shandwick as senior vice
chairman.

Yelland, 41, joined News Corp. as a business reporter for The Sun in 1990 and
went to The Post in 1993.

He held several editor's positions, including deputy business editor, business
editor and the paper's No. 2 post as deputy editor.

Yelland was named The Sun's editor in 1998, a job he held five years until
moving up the corporate ladder as senior vice president of News Corp. in New
York. He continued to write a weekly column for The Times in London.

Rupert Murdoch, chairman of News Corp., said: "David has had a great News
Corporation career. He edited The Sun and he was deputy editor of The New York
Post, papers very close to my heart. I have no doubt he will become a powerful
force in his new career with Weber Shandwick and act as a great counsel to
people in both business and politics."

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                               May 7, 2004 Friday

NEWS CORP. Q3 PROFITS UP 69% ON ADS, 'IDOL'

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 355 words


News Corp. profits surged in the third quarter on strong advertising growth at
Fox News Channel and the continued success of the hit show "American Idol."

The media giant reported revenue of $5.2 billion in the third quarter, up 19
percent from the same period last year, while net profit soared 69 percent to
$465 million.

Profit per American depository receipt, excluding certain items, was 31 cents,
easily surpassing Wall Street analysts' consensus estimate of 27 cents per
share, according to Reuters Research.

News Corp. is the parent company of The Post.

The company reported across-the-board gains in its businesses, which include the
Fox broadcast network, the 20th Century Fox film studio, Fox News Channel and an
assortment of newspapers and satellite TV properties.

"Several assets in which we have invested heavily in recent years continue to
achieve rapid growth," said News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch. "Our film and
television production units have been buoyed by an expanding home entertainment
market and our cable networks are enjoying double-digit gains on the back of
advertising and affiliate growth."

The cable network group reported quarterly operating income of $143 million, a
51 percent jump from last year. Fox News, which has surpassed CNN in ratings and
is now the most watched cable news network in the country, saw its operating
income double because of higher advertising prices.

Murdoch told analysts on a conference call the company expects to launch one new
Fox channel by the end of the year and additional channels over the next few
years.

The Filmed Entertainment segment saw a 6 percent jump in operating income to
$214 million. The business was helped by the DVD release of the "League of
Extraordinary Gentlemen" and the theatrical performance of "Cheaper by the
Dozen," which has raked in $190 million at the box office.

The newspaper division, which also includes the U.K.'s The Times and The Sun,
saw operating income rise 53 percent to $176 million.

During the quarter, News Corp. completed the sale of the Los Angeles Dodgers to
real estate developer Frank McCourt for $421 million.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             April 16, 2004 Friday

FRENCH WHINE: POST MEAN TO US

BYLINE: Bill Sanderson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 113 words


The weasels are whining!

France's ambassador to the United States accused The Post, Fox News and other
News Corp. media of conducting a "racist campaign" against his homeland of wine
and cheese.

"We were insulted just because we were French, and it was unfair and dangerous,"
Jean-David Levitte said Wednesday at UCLA.

"I think it is fair to criticize the [French] president, the government of
France," Levitte was quoted saying in the UCLA Daily Bruin.

"But it was unfair and dangerous to insult the French because they were French."

France wants to help in the Iraq rebuilding effort and hopes a success there
will aid stability in the Middle East, Levitte said in the speech.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            April 7, 2004 Wednesday

NEWS CORP. MAKES MOVE TO REINCORPORATE IN U.S.

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 342 words


Rupert Murdoch's media conglomerate News Corp. is moving its corporate home from
Australia to the United States.

News Corp., the parent company of The Post, made the announcement yesterday,
saying the move will expand liquidity and broaden the company's shareholder
base.

"The reincorporation is expected to benefit all shareholders by increasing the
scope and depth of the shareholder base, improving trading liquidity, enhancing
access to the capital markets and making the company's shares eligible for
inclusion in a variety of U.S.-based indices," the company said in a statement.

News Corp.'s shares are currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange as
American Depositary Receipts, which many institutional shareholders are barred
from holding.

In addition to many newspapers in Australia, the United States and the U.K.,
News Corp. owns 20th Century Fox film studios, the Fox News Channel, Fox
Broadcasting, and pay-TV companies BSkyB and DirecTV.

Although the company is currently incorporated in Australia, it generates more
than 75 percent of its revenue from businesses in the United States. Murdoch
himself is a U.S. citizen and has lived in the States since the 1970s.

News Corp. said the reorganization will be non-taxable to the vast majority of
shareholders, and that it will maintain secondary stock listings in London and
Australia.

The transaction will take place via a share exchange.

The deal also involves News Corp. buying the Murdoch family's 58 percent
interest in Australia's Queensland Press.

Wall Street largely praised the move, and News Corp. ADRs rose 55 cents, or 1.49
percent, to close trading yesterday at $37.43.

"We view this very positively as the company's foreign domicile, as well as
preferred share structure, have hindered the ability of many large U.S.-based
institutions from investing in the company's shares," Merrill Lynch analyst
Jessica Reif Cohen wrote in a report yesterday.

The company said it has no plans to alter the corporate structure of its Fox
group, which is traded as a separate company.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HOME: News Corp.'s U.S. headquarters in midtown Manhattan.  [Getty
Images]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             April 1, 2004 Thursday

NEWS CORP.'S JOHN EVANS DIES AT 66

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 160 words


John B. Evans, a former News Corp. executive and publisher of the Village Voice,
died Sunday at his home in Annandale, N.J. He was 66.

Evans, a pioneer in electronic publishing, joined News Corp. in 1977 when the
company bought the Village Voice - where Evans had started in the mailroom and
worked his way up to publisher.

In 1985, he became executive vice president and later president of Murdoch
Magazines, which included the Voice, Star and New Woman. The company grew to
include Elle, Seventeen, TV Guide, Automobile, Premiere and Mirabella.

In 1991, when News Corp. sold the magazine division, Evans moved to London,
where he ran the business side of the company's newspapers.

He returned to the United States in 1992 and began News Electronic Data Inc., a
News Corp. subsidiary that developed electronic travel-information products.

He is survived by his sister, Patricia Etheridge, of England; his daughter,
Morgan, 9; and a stepdaughter, Sarah, 5.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              March 7, 2004 Sunday

SIMMONS HOPES KISS OF DEF WORKS IN NEW HOLLYWOOD BID

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 346 words


Hip-hop entrepreneur Russell Simmons, who's already tackled the music and
fashion worlds, is hoping to work his hipness in the film industry.

Through his L.A.-based company, Simmons Lathan Media Group, the impresario is
launching a series of movies under the moniker "Def Filmmakers" - hoping to
capitalize on the Def Jam brand that was used successfully in the popular series
"Def Poetry Jam" and "Def Comedy Jam."

Simmons Lathan Media believes it can be successful given "the combination of
hip-hop and success that Russell represents," said Will Griffin, a former News
Corp. executive who is president and COO of Simmons Lathan. (News Corp. is the
parent company of The Post).

Simmons Lathan currently has 10 films in production and will release its first
movie in April, a documentary called "Feds" by urban filmmaker Kwame Amoaku,
which promises to expose "an unfiltered 'gritty . . . dramatic' " view of the
streets, highlighting urban trends, news, notorious criminals [in] historical
inner-city neighborhoods."

Most of the films will be direct-to-video, and the Simmons Lathan has a
distribution deal with Image Entertainment. But the group does plan a
feature-length film that will appear in theaters later this year.

"I know the hip-hop community is building the stars of tomorrow in Hollywood,"
Simmons said.

"All I do is develop talent, I don't know anything else. The young directors
come to me."

Simmons Lathan also has a production in the works with Court TV called "Hip Hop
Justice."

Simmons founded Def Jam Records in 1985, and the label - now a part of Universal
Music - grew into the world's largest hip-hop label.

In the process Simmons became a very rich man - he sold half of the label to
Polygram in 1994 for $33 million and later sold the second half for $130
million.

Simmons' employment contract at Def Jam expired at the end of last year, but
he's currently in discussions to remain as chairman of the label.

Earlier this year, Simmons sold his fashion company, Phat Fashions, to apparel
giant Kellwood for about $135 million. He remains CEO of Phat.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RUSSELL'S SCENE: Russell Simmons has conquered music and fashion - and
next is Hollywood. As usual, he's surrounded himself with talent and money.
Simmons hangs with Paris Hilton and super producer Pharrell Williams.
(FilmMagic.com)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 334 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 12, 2004 Thursday

NEWS CORP. POSTS 51% PROFIT GAIN

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 261 words


Double-digit gains at Fox News Channel and in newspaper and book publishing
helped boost News Corp. quarterly profit by 51 percent.

The company said profits in the second fiscal quarter, excluding special items,
rose 28 percent to $410 million, or 30 cents per U.S. share, from the prior's
year's $320 million profit, or 24 cents per U.S. share.

The company's holdings include 20th Century Fox, HarperCollins and The Post.

Revenue rose 19 percent to $5.59 billion.

News Corp. said profits were virtually flat at its 20th Century Fox studio, or
$253 million, due to marketing costs for new releases such as "Master and
Commander: The Far Side of the World," which garnered 10 Oscar nominations,
including Best Picture.

The TV network Fox Broadcasting Co. reduced its operating loss to $133 million
from $154 million, helped by shows such as "American Idol" and strong ad sales
for Major League Baseball, Fox said.

Cable programming reported second-quarter operating income of $187 million, up
55 percent from last year, in part due to the recovery of $15 million from
Adelphia which had been previously written off.

Its book unit, HarperCollins, posted a 19 percent jump in operating profit to
$57 million, driven by Zondervan's "The Purpose Driven Life," the best-selling
non-fiction work last year with 11 million copies sold in the U.S.

News Corp. experienced strong growth in its newspaper unit, where operating
income was up 67 percent to $170 million, thanks to circulation revenue
increases in Britain, as well as advertising strength in Britain and Australia.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          January 14, 2004, Wednesday

BONNIE BOBBLES BESSETTE BOOK

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 012

LENGTH: 1509 words


MICHAEL Bergin, the handsome model/actor who dated Carolyn Bessette before - and
maybe after - she married John Kennedy, has written a tell-all book about their
torrid romance.

"The Other Man, A Love Story: John Kennedy, Carolyn Bessette and Me" - due in
March from ReganBooks, an imprint of HarperCollins - chronicles "an affair so
intense that not even her marriage to an American prince could come between
them," the publisher claims.

The Post has won the rights to excerpt Bergin's memoir after a fierce bidding
war with American Media's Bonnie Fuller, who was said to be furious her
supermarket tabloids underbid on the syndication rights.

"She called screaming at the top of her lungs," said a source at ReganBooks,
which, like The Post, is owned by News Corp. "Talk about sore losers."

Bergin, who grew up in Connecticut as did Bessette, was a doorman at the
Paramount hotel when he was discovered by a photographer who helped launch his
modeling career. The dark-haired hunk got his big break when he was signed by
Calvin Klein for one of his iconic underwear billboards.

One question Bergin's book is expected to address is whether Bessette, who
worked in Klein's public relations department, was instrumental in getting him
the booking.

The billboard made Bergin into an instant celebrity. Soon he was appearing with
his six-pack abs on "Baywatch" and spending the summer on Valentino's yacht in
the Mediterranean.

The day Kennedy married Bessette in 1996, a jilted former manager of Bergin
started to spread the rumor that Bergin was ready to spill the beans about the
bride.

However, "in actual fact, he was at his family's house in Connecticut, refusing
to give interviews and turning down offers as high as $250,000," a source told
PAGE SIX.

But Bergin opened up in last year's book "The Kennedy Curse" by Edward Klein,
who quoted him as saying: "Carolyn and I were inseparable for a couple of years.
And I know deep in my heart that she still loved me even after she married John
Kennedy. Some things just don't end."

The Klein book reported that during their frequent shouting matches, Carolyn
told John she was still sleeping with Bergin, although Klein believes the affair
ended with the marriage.

O' Canada

WHILE most Canadians are thrilled that Conan O'Brien is bringing his late-night
chuckle-fest to Toronto for a week next month, some are upset that the
government is contributing taxpayer money toward the $1 million it will take to
bring the show there. The event's organizer was so peeved over articles in
Canada's National Post about the propriety of the move that he banned the paper
from covering any events relating to the show. But when we called the planner
yesterday, he'd just decided to lift the ban.

Friends indeed

MICHAEL Jackson faced financial ruin because he couldn't make a $70 million
payment on his $350 million loan from Bank of America. But then, two friends -
Miami lawyer Al Malnik and music business tycoon Charles Koppelman - came up
with the money. "Michael would have been flushed down the toilet," a source told
FoxNews.com's Roger Friedman, who also reports that Jacko met Monday at the
Beverly Hills Hotel with 27 advisers, including Nation of Islam chief of staff
Leonard Muhammad, to discuss his financial and legal problems. His next payment
isn't due until December 2005.

We hear . . .

THAT Britanny Murphy, of "8 Mile" and "Uptown Girls," got engaged Friday to Jeff
Kwatinetz, founder of the Hollywood management company The Firm . . . THAT Sean
Astin, one of the hobbits, revealed at Saturday's marathon screening of the
"Lord of the Rings" trilogy that his next move was unclear despite a meeting
earlier in the day with Robert De Niro . . . THAT hot new restaurant David Burke
& Donatella keeps a limousine out front on East 61st Street for its smoking
patrons to light up, and warm up, in . . . THAT Tobey Maguire, on a promotional
tour in Japan for "Seabiscuit," checked into the Park Hyatt Tokyo under the
pseudonym "Jesus Christ."

Times torments Gray family

SPALDING Gray's heartsick family is fuming at the New York Times for what they
consider the paper's insensitivity regarding the disappearance of the
actor/monologist who created "Swimming to Cambodia" and "Monster in a Box." For
one thing, says family spokeswoman Tara Newman, the Times printed the address of
Gray's TriBeCa home yesterday, upsetting his grieving manager-wife, Kathy Russo.
"She couldn't get out of her apartment lobby [yesterday] because of all the
reporters," Newman said. "All thanks to the New York Times. Whoever printed that
in the paper really [bleeped] up. It's just really egregious." Newman also
claims the Times sent reporters to the the Ross School in East Hampton, which
Gray's kids attend, and to the North Haven home of Gray's therapist. Times
spokeswoman Catherine Mathis responded, "We indeed published Gray's home
address, through an oversight. Our usual practice is to mention the neighborhood
in more general terms. We did not send reporters to any school attended by
Gray's children, and none of our people approached his therapist. We hope no one
outside our employ invoked our name falsely."

Mentor Mario

JUST a week before the Iowa caucuses, Rep. Richard Gephardt turned to an old
hand at campaigning, and a former competitor, for advice. The candidate, along
with an entourage of nine, dined with former Gov. Mario Cuomo Monday at Lever
House Restaurant. Maximizing the experience, Gephardt worked the room before
supper, pressing the flesh with deep-pocketed Jonathan Tisch and New York
Magazine owner Bruce Wasserstein.

Perfect view

THE audience at the Manhattan Theater Club's benefit show Monday got more than
their money's worth. Our spywitness says that while "Nine" star Jane Krakowski
(above) writhed atop a piano and sang, her skin-tight miniskirt rode up a bit
too high, revealing her pink undies. Feeling a sudden breeze, the leggy actress
bolted upright but winked at her admirers. "You got the good seats, didn't you?"
she quipped to the front row, which burst into applause.

Frisky Frodo

FRODO is now the Lord of the G-strings. Elijah Wood (above) and his "Rings"
co-star, Billy Boyd, hit East 60th Street mammary mecca Scores at 2 a.m. Tuesday
with two horny hobbits and, says our witness, "They didn't leave until the
lights went on." Wood and company tossed back Heinekens and were surrounded by
about a dozen topless dancers. When one exceptionally cute waitress named Nicole
grabbed Wood's eye, he invited her to sit down with him, saying, "You're really
pretty." He finally rolled out at 4:30.

Loving hands

PAUL Sorvino is paying tribute to his late pal, actor/playwright Jason Miller,
with his own bare hands. Sorvino is going to sculpt a bronze bust of the
"Exorcist" star to be displayed in Miller's hometown of Scranton, Pa. "He was
one of my best friends," Sorvino tells PAGE SIX. "Over the last quarter-century
we would see each other several times a year." The two first met in 1972, when
Miller - who died in 2001 - cast Sorvino in his play "That Championship Season."
Says Sorvino, "He was one of the greatest playwrights of the 20th century." The
bust will be unveiled in the Lackawanna County Courthouse Square in June.
Miller's son, actor Jason Patric, will be on hand.

Sightings galore

JAMES Gandolfini driving a rented Bentley in Beverly Hills, getting onto the
freeway with a hot young blonde chatting away in the passenger seat . . . SALMA
Hayek and Josh Lucas at Elaine's with Kathryn and Robert Altman at the table
next to Al Pacino and Marty Bregman . . . MAYOR Bloomberg leaving his dentist's
office on Madison Avenue after a root canal . . . JANE Friedman, HarperCollins
CEO, lunching at Michael's with Dan Okrent, the first "public editor" at the New
York Times, fueling buzz he might be doing a book . . . JAMIE-Lynn DiScala and
her husband A.J. at 13 Little Devils on Orchard Street drinking red wine while
helping one of her childhood friends from Jericho, L.I. . . . HEATHER Graham
chewing a juicy steak at industry (food).

Haunted stage

When Angelica Torn starred as Sylvia Plath in Paul Alexander's play "Edge,"
which ended its successful limited off-Broadway run this past fall, some
theatergoers - and critics - described her portrayal as a haunting. The
supernatural must still be at work at the New End Theater in London, where the
show opened last week. Upon arriving at the theater for rehearsals, Torn was
informed by theater staff that years ago the building had served as a mortuary
where the embalming was carried out not only of Karl Marx and Sigmund Freud, but
also of Plath.


LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: -Jessica Simpson, shilling for her new edible fragrance and skin-care
line Dessert, lets hubby Nick Lachey taste a sample.  [N.Y. Post: Tamara
Beckwith]
-Jane Krakowski, Elijah Wood

-Newly shorn Brad Pitt escorts wife Jennifer Aniston to the premiere of her new
flick, "Along Came Polly" at Grauman's Chinese Theater in Hollywood. [© 2004
Debbie VanStory/ABACA]

           Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              306 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          December 20, 2003, Saturday

FCC APPROVES NEWS CORP.'S $6.6B DIRECTV BUY

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 021

LENGTH: 290 words


The Federal Communications Commission has approved News Corp.'s purchase of the
nation's largest satellite TV service, DirecTV.

The panel voted 3-2 to let the $6.6 billion deal go forward and included
provisions to keep programming prices stabilized.

The FCC ruled that the merger would improve service to DirecTV customers, noting
that News Corp. had a history of adding channels and features, such as
interactivity, to its other satellite systems.

The FCC said the deal would create a significant competitor to the cable
industry, which in most markets enjoys a monopoly.

As a condition of the merger, the FCC required News Corp. to beam local channels
into 130 of the nation's markets by the end of 2004, and to provide local
service to the rest of the nation's 210 markets by no later than 2008.

The FCC said News Corp. must agree to arbitration to iron out disputes with
companies that carry its broadcast and cable channels, such as cable companies
and other satellite providers.

The arbitration was to alleviate concerns that Fox would pull its network
programming, which includes pro baseball and football, off cable systems to
encourage viewers to subscribe to DirecTV. News Corp. agreed not to pull either
the network programming or its regional sports networks while a dispute was
being arbitrated.

Under the deal announced in April, News Corp. would acquire 34 percent of
DirecTV parent Hughes Electronics, a subsidiary of General Motors Corp.

The deal would give News Corp. the largest block of shares in Hughes and
controlling interest in DirecTV, which has more than 11 million subscribers.

News Corp. owns pay-satellite TV services in Europe, Asia and Australia. It also
owns The Post. (p.22 metro)

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              307 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           November 18, 2003, Tuesday

NEWS CORP. PREZ HONORED

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 026

LENGTH: 127 words


News Corp. President and Chief Operating Officer Peter Chernin was honored
yesterday by the Center for Communication, which hosts seminars for students
interested in becoming media professionals.

At a ceremony yesterday at The Plaza hotel, Chernin was given the Award for
Excellence and roasted by some of his colleagues, including Fox News chief Roger
Ailes and Tom Rothman, 20th Century Fox Film Group president.

Past winners include NBC's Bob Wright, Viacom's Mel Karmazin and Sony U.S. chief
Howard Stringer.

News Corp. is the parent company of The Post.


LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GOOD NEWS: News Corp. President and COO Peter Chernin (right) receives
an award at The Plaza yesterday from Center for Communication Chairman Edward
Bleier.  [Jennifer Weisbord]

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              308 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          November 12, 2003, Wednesday

BOYD BOOK DEAL BEATS BLAIR ; TIMESMAN'S $300K MEMOIR TOPS FABULIST'S ADVANCE

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 032

LENGTH: 755 words


GERALD Boyd, the deposed managing editor of The New York Times, has become the
latest participant in the Jayson Blair scandal to land a book deal.

Boyd has been signed by the Amistad imprint of HarperCollins to pen a
wide-ranging book about his life and times - from his poverty-stricken youth in
inner-city St. Louis to his rise through the journalism ranks at the Times and
his ultimate tumble from the top in the fallout from the Blair scandal.

(HarperCollins is owned by News Corp., which also owns The Post.)

Sources said the book is expected to be out in the first half of 2005.

The deal is believed to be in the mid-six figures. Several sources estimated it
is about $300,000 - which would put the advance money ahead of the $250,000 that
Blair is said to have snared from Michael Viner and New Millennium Press.

Blair's Hollywood-based publisher is in Chapter 11 bankruptcy, but sources said
Viner has managed to scrape together the first $60,000 payment to Blair.

Part of the Boyd book will probe Times culture under publisher Arthur "Pinch"
Sulzberger Jr. and his father, "Punch" Sulzberger Sr. The tome will also examine
race in the newsroom.

As the world now knows, Blair's wide-ranging fabrications and plagiarism over a
two-year period ultimately forced his resignation, as well as those of the two
top editors at the paper - Boyd and Executive Editor Howell Raines - in June.
Boyd and Blair are both African-American, and issues of race came up in the
scandal.

The book, according to sources who have seen the proposal, will also detail
clashes Boyd had with Raines.

Boyd's book deal was brokered by Washington, D.C., attorney to the stars Robert
Barnett.

*

Cosmopolitan Editor-in-Chief Kate White, who has already snagged an estimated $1
million from her four-book deal with Warner Books, could soon be headed to the
small screen.

She has handed in her third book, entitled "Till Death Do Us Part," which will
appear in May 2004. It follows two previous bestsellers, "If Looks Could Kill"
and "A Body to Die For." All the books follow the investigative journalism
career of fictional true-crime writer Bailey Weggins.

The volumes have been optioned as a package to Marc Platt and Touchstone for an
hour-long pilot for ABC-TV. Scriptwriters include David Levinson and "Ally
McBeal" veteran Elli Herman.

In the series, Weggins is a true-crime writer at "Gloss" magazine. If the pilot
is accepted, it could become the latest crime drama on television - exploring
the murders Weggins probes on the job, as well as her tempestuous love life.

White says her novel writing is a way for her to unwind after her high-stress
day job: "It's my version of aromatherapy."

*

Fashion Wire Daily, the Web news service for the fashionistas, is still around -
unlike most of its dot-com contemporaries. But the site now seems to be on life
support after 12 of its staffers were axed earlier this week.

The site, co-founded by Brandusa Niro and once boasting Ron Perelman as an
investor, is going through another restructuring under its current majority
owner: co-founder Avraham Kadar, a Park Avenue immunologist.

Kadar recently gave all his full-time editorial employees the pink slip, and is
considering hiring about half of them back on a contract basis only.

"We are not profitable," said Kadar, who estimates he has personally spent $5
million to $6 million on the operation. "I believe it will be profitable in
about six months."

The whole operation has lost an estimated $15 million over the life of the
company.

Godfrey Deeny, Fashion Wire Daily's fightin' Irish editor-in-chief and president
- who once famously got into a scuffle with then-GQ publisher Ron Galotti - is
heading back home to his wife in Paris. "I'm looking forward to returning to
Europe," he told Media Ink.

Kadar said current employees will be paid through the end of the week.

He said Deeny is under contract through early 2004 and will be a "major editor,"
but probably not the editor-in-chief, when he decamps to Paris.

Of the employees, Kadar said three have accepted the new arrangement, three have
declined and he is scheduling interviews with the rest.

* Please send e-mail to: kkelly@nypost.com


LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SIGNED: Gerald Boyd (above left) has a memoir deal from HarperCollins;
Cosmo magazine's Kate White (top right) gets her trilogy optioned for TV; and
Godfrey Deeny (bottom right) and most of his colleagues at Fashion Wire Daily
have lost their jobs.  Steven Hirsch; WireImage.com

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              309 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           November 6, 2003, Thursday

NEWS CORP. FIRST-QUARTER PROFIT SOARS

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 037

LENGTH: 276 words


News Corp.'s quarterly earnings surged on strong sales of DVDs of its popular
movies and a jump in advertising revenue at the Fox News Channel.

The company reported revenue of $4.6 billion, up 22 percent from a year ago, and
operating income of $719 million, a 31 percent jump from last year's fiscal
first quarter. The company reported earnings per share of 29 cents, compared to
the consensus Wall Street estimate of 20 cents, according to Reuters Research.

News Corp. is the parent company of The Post.

The film division reported operating income of $328 million, up from $100
million in the year-ago period. The steep increase was mainly due to sales of
DVDs for the movies "Daredevil" and "Phone Booth."

"The unparalleled growth we delivered during the first quarter - our seventh
consecutive quarter of double-digit earnings increases - is a clear
demonstration of the strength we are enjoying across our balanced collection of
businesses," said News Corp. Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch.

The Fox News Channel, which was the only cable news network to report a jump in
viewership during the quarter, saw its operating income grow 14 percent.
Overall, the cable networks segment saw first quarter operating profit jump 13
percent to $133 million.

Even the company's newspaper business, which last quarter had slumped due to a
downturn in advertising, grew in the first quarter. The newspaper group reported
operating income of $102 million, up 79 percent. The company attributed the
gains to circulation increases in the U.K. and an upturn in advertising in
Australia.

News Corp. shares closed up yesterday 38 cents at $36.48.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              310 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          November 5, 2003, Wednesday

TEAMING UP - NEWS CORP. GIVES 100G TO 100 BLACK MEN

BYLINE: WILLIAM J. GORTA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 030

LENGTH: 290 words


News Corp. yesterday presented a $100,000 check to 100 Black Men of New York
City, strengthening the eight-year partnership between the media company, which
owns The Post, and the community organization.

"It will be the first of many, I'm sure," said New York Post publisher Lachlan
Murdoch in handing over the check. "100 Black Men does so many important things
throughout our community, and it really is our privilege to be involved [with
the group].

"It's been a fantastic relationship, and we look forward to it continuing for a
long time."

Paul Williams, president of 100 Black Men of New York City, said the
organization was looking forward to working with News Corp. for another three
years, the length of the new grant.

"It's not the fact of the grant, it's not the size of the grant that's really
impressive to us - what matters to us is the spirit and sense of community that
this grant is attached to," Williams said.

The News Corp. grant will fund three projects:

* The founding of the Rupert Murdoch/100 Black Men scholarship for students at
the Bronx School for Law, Government and Justice.

* An initiative to develop small businesses and jobs in The Bronx.

* A documentary on the history of 100 Black Men, which was founded 40 years ago.

Luther Gatling, a past president of 100 Black Men, called the group's
involvement with News Corp. "a fantastic experience."

Rupert Murdoch is chairman of News Corp., and Lachlan Murdoch is the deputy
chief operating officer.


LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COMMUNITY PARTNERS: Post publisher Lachlan Murdoch (second from right)
presents a check to 100 Black Men of New York City officials (from left) Jacques
DeGraff, Paul Williams and Luther Gatling.  N.Y. Post: David Rentas

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              311 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            October 24, 2003, Friday

FLEISCHER INKS $500K DEAL: PRESS CHIEF IS 2ND BUSH INSIDER TO SELL WHITE HOUSE
MEMOIR

BYLINE: KEITH J. KELLY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 036

LENGTH: 774 words


ARI Fleischer, the former press secretary for President George W. Bush, has
become the second member of the president's inner counsel to ink a book deal.

He just auctioned off a memoir of his White House years for what industry
sources said is an estimated $500,000 advance from William Morrow.

That puts him behind former Bush aide Karen Hughes, who became the first inner
circle member to sell a book, for a reputed $1.5 million from Viking unit of
Penguin Inc.

The lawyer who orchestrated the latest auction is Bob Barnett, the same attorney
who commanded the multimillion-dollar book deals for Bill and Hillary Rodham
Clinton.

"It will probably be out in January or February 2005," said Claire Wachtel,
executive editor at William Morrow. Morrow is part of HarperCollins, owned by
News Corp., which also owns the Post.

"It's not going to be a kiss and tell," said Wachtel.

Barnett and Morrow officials would not comment on the price.

Fleischer did not circulate a book proposal, as is the norm for authors -
especially first-time authors. Some thought that his former bosses may have
encouraged him to put it out in 2005 to guarantee that nothing blows up during
the 2004 presidential campaign.

Books by presidential press secretaries have not had much traction on the
bestseller lists. "With Kennedy," penned by John F. Kennedy press secretary
Pierre Salinger, set the gold standard for ex-press secretaries and few have
challenged the throne. Clinton's first press secretary, Dee Dee Meyers, floated
a proposal after she quit but got tepid interest from publishers and dropped the
idea.

*

The New Yorker is making a comeback in the Washington, D.C., area.

After losing former "Letter from Washington" correspondent Nicholas Lemann, who
became dean of Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism, New Yorker
Editor-in-Chief David Remnick has just raided the New York Times for a
replacement. His choice: the Times' Jerusalem bureau chief, James Bennet.

Bennet was in town early last week when the deal was hammered out. He flew back
to the Middle East late last week to tell the staff - but is apparently going to
give Times Executive Editor Bill Keller plenty of time to find a replacement.
Bennet is not leaving until year-end.

A Times spokesman said, "We are not aware Bennet has made a final decision."

The move has sparked speculation that The New Yorker could soon be re-opening
its Washington bureau, which was unceremoniously chopped a year ago.

It was seen as a budget move at the time as much as a reflection on the reality
that the "Letter from Washington" was really a "Letter from Pelham" - the leafy
New York City suburb where Lemann did most of his writing.

Besides Bennet, in the last three months Remnick has hired Margot Talbot from
the Times Magazine and Katherine Boo from the Washington Post. They join Jeffrey
Goldberg, Jane Mayer, Seymour Hersh and Elsa Walsh in the D.C. area.

They may all soon have a place to hang their hats once again.

Asked if the Washington office would be reopened, Remnick said, "It's up to
Bennet. It depends where he wants to have his phone answered." But insiders say
Remnick is in an internationalist who regards Washington as increasingly
influential in the world political spectrum.

*

Mort Zuckerman's embattled Daily News ad copy writers apparently aren't reading
The Post. On Tuesday, a full-page News house ad touting its star columnists
named two columnists - with pictures - who are no longer at the paper: Michael
Kramer and Pete Hamill.

"Get ready to think, laugh, cry, fume and cheer - all when you read the
provocative columns that appear exclusively in the weekday pages of the Daily
News," reads the ad copy.

Newly arrived British Editorial Director Martin Dunn may be ready to do a little
laughing, crying and fuming of his own. Executive Editor Michael Goodwin said,
"We had a last-minute production problem and substituted a standing house ad
that had not been updated. He added, "It's not like these guys left a long time
ago."

Hamill hasn't appeared in the paper since July 22 and has since acknowledged
that he has left the paper. Kramer said several weeks ago that he was leaving
when his boss, Editor-in-Chief Ed Kosner, left. Kosner stepped out of the office
for the last time on Oct. 10.


LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BUSH LEAGUER: Ari Fleischer (above left), President Bush's former press
secretary, sells a memoir. Pete Hamill (top right) has left the Daily News, but
no one told the advertising department. The New Yorker's David Remnick has
raided the New York Times again.  AP, Tricia Meadows: Globe, Steven Hirsch

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              312 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           September 5, 2003, Friday

EDGAR VOWS TO COME BACK

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 038

LENGTH: 317 words


Edgar Bronfman Jr. will rejoin Vivendi's board of directors after the French
giant nails down a deal to merge its entertainment assets with General Electric
Co.'s NBC.

In an interview with Fox News' Neil Cavuto, Bronfman also vowed to return to the
entertainment industry, but said he'll have no role in a Vivendi
Universal-General Electric merger. Fox News and The Post are both owned by News
Corp.

Bronfman and his father, Edgar Bronfman Sr., recused themselves from board
duties earlier this year to focus on their bid to reclaim Vivendi's
entertainment business, which the family sold to the company in 2000.

The younger Bronfman has been vice chairman of the company, and the family is
still the largest shareholder in Vivendi.

"We took the biggest company in the world to the last pitch of the last inning
of probably one of the largest and most complex transactions ever done,"
Bronfman told Cavuto. "I mean, GE is the most powerful company in the world.
They decided they wanted this company. And at the end of the day they did what
was necessary to get the Vivendi board to do the deal."

On Tuesday Vivendi announced it was entering exclusive talks with GE, an
agreement that will extend for 30 days. The two sides have agreed on many of the
major issues of the deal, and a final agreement is expected by the end of
September.

Many in the media industry believe Bronfman will eventually make another run at
Universal Music, which was not part of the transaction with General Electric. In
the interview Bronfman did not dismiss the idea.

"I think they have to get this deal done with NBC before they're going to turn
their attention anywhere," he said.

"And frankly, they made their decision on Tuesday, it's Thursday. It's a little
early for me to decide what I'm going to do next."


LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LISTEN UP: Edgar Bronfman Jr. insists he'll rejoin Vivendi's board.  AP

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              313 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           August 14, 2003, Thursday

NEWS CORP. HAS $370M PROFIT IN QTR.

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 033

LENGTH: 256 words


News Corp. reported a steep increase in quarterly profits yesterday, helped by
the company's film division and a jump in advertising sales at the Fox News
Channel.

The company reported a fourth quarter profit of $370 million, or 24 cents per
share, compared with a loss of $1.7 billion in last year's fourth quarter.
Revenue in the period jumped 20 percent to $4.6 billion.

News Corp. is the parent company of The Post.

The film division reported $85 million in operating income, up from $75 million
- helped by the strong performance of "X2: X-Men United" and the DVD release of
"Ice Age."

For the full year, the film business posted operating income of $641 million, up
$168 million from last year.

The television segment, buoyed by strong ratings for the shows "American Idol"
and "24," saw operating income jump $112 million to $291 million.

"Overall, we are extremely pleased with the performance of all our businesses
during the past year, and we are determined to build on our success in fiscal
2004," News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch said.

The Fox News Channel, despite a rise in costs associated with covering the war
in Iraq, saw its operating income jump 93 percent in the quarter and 147 percent
for the full year. Viewership was up substantially, and as a result the network
was able to boost advertising sales, the company said.

One minor downer was a 10 percent drop in operating income at the company's U.K.
newspaper group because of a price war.

News Corp. shares rose 3 cents to $32.61.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              314 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             June 20, 2003, Friday

DANGERFIELD FINALLY GETS SOME RESPECT WITH BOOK DEAL

BYLINE: KEITH J. KELLY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 040

LENGTH: 700 words


IS Rodney Dangerfield finally getting respect?

The comedian just signed to do his autobiography, tentatively titled "It Isn't
Easy Being Me," with HarperCollins.

HarperCollins is owned by News Corp., which also owns the Post.

The deal, brokered by Chris Calhoun at Sterling Lord Literistic, is believed to
be for a mid- six-figure amount. That amount pales in comparison with the $8
million advance handed to Hillary Rodham Clinton - or even the hefty
seven-figure advance snared by self-help guru Dr. Phil McGraw, who will have a
new book out from Free Press in the fall.

But it's not a bad payday for a former aluminum-siding salesman originally named
Jack Roy.

HarperCollins Executive Editor David Hirshey said the hard-living Dangerfield
will also come clean on his thoughts about "hookers, marijuana, mothers-in-law
and the generation of comics he's mentored, including Sam Kinison, Jim Carrey
and Adam Sandler."

It's due to be published around Father's Day in 2004.

*

There are whisperings inside Conde Nast about a plan to get former New York
Times Executive Editor Howell Raines to write for The New Yorker, possibly as
the "Letter from Washington" columnist.

So far, the talk is being kept inside, but there have definitely been internal
conversations. The New Yorker Editor-in-Chief David Remnick isn't dismissing the
idea outright, either.

"We had [Times Executive Editor] Joe Lelyveld write a piece for us, and I
wouldn't be against having Howell write for us - but I haven't talked to him,"
said Remnick.

Remnick concedes the "Letter" column - which opened up when Nicholas Lemann left
to become dean of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism "hasn't
been filled."

Raines could not be reached for comment.

*

Just remember to close your mouth when you chew.

Gourmet may be getting a new look - with more people popping up in the food
layouts. But Editor-in-Chief Ruth Reichl insists that new Creative Director
Richard Ferretti, who joins on July 21, will not be doing a full-scale
re-design.

Said Reichl, "I'd love to get more people into the magazine. We're definitely
going to move in that direction, but it is definitely not redesign time. It's
just a fresh set of eyes."

Ferretti's been an independent designer the past few years, working with clients
that included Coach and Revlon, but earlier was creative director for Banana
Republic and before that worked on magazines, including Self and In Style.

He replaces veteran Diana LaGuardia, who gave notice about 11/2 months ago she's
quitting on July 18 to travel.

*

One of the more humorous tributes at a memorial service Wednesday for late GQ
editor-in-chief Art Cooper came from his longtime, award-winning food writer,
Alan Richman.

Richman, sporting what he said was the first suit that Art had ever handed down
to him, said he liked and admired his boss and frequent dining companion - but
worried that the esteem was not always returned.

Richman then rattled off a list of people that he said he was pretty sure Cooper
"liked more than me." The list ranged from the bartender at a hotel in northern
Italy where Cooper always stayed after the Milan fashion shows to Julian
Niccolini, the co-owner of the Four Seasons, where Cooper was a fixture.

But when the name of Conde Nast CEO Steve Florio came up, Richman said, "Sorry,
Steve - Art liked me more than you."

It got one of the biggest laughs of the day from the crowd of nearly 400 at
Lincoln Center's Alice Tully Hall. Longtime GQ Managing Editor Marty Beiser told
how Cooper, a lifelong Democrat, had a great admiration for Richard Nixon and
his "conniving, amoral black heart."

And he recalled how Cooper, speaking about his wife, Amy Levin Cooper, after a
wine-filled evening in Washington, had once remarked "to no one in particular:
'God, I love my wife.' "

The Harry Connick Jr. quartet provided a musical interlude between tributes from
friends, relatives and media elites - including fashion designer Ralph Lauren,
former proteges Eliot Kaplan and Brandon Holley, cousin Jimmy Burrows,
stepfather-in-law Paul Alter and veteran editor Frank Lalli, who served as
master of ceremonies.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              315 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            June 19, 2003, Thursday

RAINBOW RIP-OFF - CABLEVISION FIRES 14 AT DIVISION IN ACCOUNTING SCAM

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 037

LENGTH: 579 words


Cablevision yesterday said it had unearthed accounting shenanigans at its
Rainbow Media unit and fired 14 people, including the president of its American
Movie Classics cable channel.

After a five-month internal investigation, Cablevision found that employees at
Rainbow - which includes AMC, the WE channel and Fox Sports Net, among other
cable properties - had improperly accounted for certain expenses and fabricated
invoices.

News Corp., which owns The Post, owns a stake in Fox Sports Net.

Among the 14 employees jettisoned was Kate McEnroe, the president of AMC, who
has been with Rainbow since 1981 and was once named one of the most influential
people in the cable industry by a trade publication.

Cablevision recently announced it was joining a buyout group headed by Edgar
Bronfman Jr. to make a run at Vivendi's entertainment assets.

As part of the plan, Cablevision would contribute its Rainbow properties to the
deal.

A source close to the Bronfman group said that Bronfman was aware of the
investigation when he agreed to bring Cablevision on board, and that yesterday's
announcement will have no impact on the deal.

Cablevision said it had informed government authorities about the matter.

A spokesperson for the Securities and Exchange Commission declined comment, but
securities law experts say the announcement is likely to trigger an
investigation.

"This should be a red flag for the SEC," said Howard Meyers, an attorney at
Meyers & Heim and a former SEC official.

The investigation included contacting more than 150 of the company's vendors.

Cablevision said the improper accounting is not material to previously released
results, and that the company will not be forced to restate any of its financial
records.

The review to date has found that $6.2 million of expenses for 2003 were
improperly booked in 2002. All but $1.7 million of that amount was identified
and reversed prior to releasing the company's 2002 results in February.

In a statement, Cablevision president and CEO Jimmy Dolan said, "The company
cannot tolerate any improprieties related to financial matters. As soon as our
internal accountants identified this problem, the company launched an extensive
review and has taken measures to help insure that a problem of this type does
not occur again."

Cablevision stock closed down 31 cents yesterday, at $22.54, but the
announcement came after the close of trading.

In after-hours trading, the stock was down only slightly - indicating that
investors, at least for the moment, are buying Cablevision's contention that the
matter is not material.

"It's not material to the valuation of the company," said Marc Gabelli, managing
director at Gabelli Asset Management, a big Cablevision investor.

Gabelli noted that the company is expected to bring in $4.2 billion of revenue
this year.

He said the announcement shows Cablevision has a "good communication flow with
the Street."

Scandal

Cablevision said it uncovered accounting irregularities at its Rainbow Media
unit and fired 14 employees of American Movie Classics, including President Kate
McEnroe. Rainbow Media includes:

* AMC

* The Independent Film Channel

* WE: Women's Entertainment

* Fuse, a 24-hour music channel

* 60 percent stake in Madison Square Garden


LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kate McEnroe Fired AMC president ; Josh Saban Rainbow Media boss ; Jim
Dolan Cablevision boss.  NY Post: Mary McLoughlin; Globe Photos; AP

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              316 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             May 7, 2003, Wednesday

CARDOZO FIELD'S A DREAM

BYLINE: JENNIFER FERMINO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 023

LENGTH: 198 words


Watch out Shea Stadium, there's a new field in Queens - and it's got great media
buzz.

At a dedication ceremony yesterday, Benjamin N. Cardozo HS in Bayside celebrated
its new baseball diamond, "New York Post Field," which was built by the
nonprofit Take the Field organization with a $250,000 donation from The Post's
corporate parent, The News Corporation.

Gone are the gaping holes, chunks of broken glass and bumpy playing field where
the school's championship team had played. But for varsity left-fielder Danny
Landsman, 17, the best improvement is the higher fence.

"I once hit a kid's van and broke his windshield during practice," he said. "I
ended up borrowing $225 from my father to pay him for it. We didn't have a
scoreboard. Parents had to bring their own chairs because there were no
bleachers."

The ceremony was attended by the Mets' Ty Wigginton, announcer and Cardozo alum
Howie Rose, Post sports columnist Phil Mushnick, Post editor-in-chief Col Allan
and Post general manager Geoff Booth.


LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DIAMOND FROM THE ROUGH: New York Post Field is a hit with Cardozo HS
players after the tabloid donated $250,000 for rehab.  N.Y. Post: Tamara
Beckwith

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              317 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            April 10, 2003, Thursday

DISH WISH GRANTED; NEWS CORP.'S DIRECTV QUEST ENDS IN $6.6B DEAL

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 041

LENGTH: 661 words


News Corporation ended a 20-year quest to own a U.S. satellite TV provider
yesterday when it agreed to buy a controlling stake in DirecTV.

News Corp., which owns The Post, agreed to pay $6.6 billion in cash and stock
for a 34 percent stake in General Motors' Hughes Electronics unit, which holds
DirecTV.

That includes GM's 20 percent stake in Hughes and another 14 percent from Hughes
shareholders and GM's pension and other benefit plans. The company will pay $14
per share, which represents a modest premium over market prices.

News Corp. has sought the stake for three years, but originally lost out in
bidding to Echostar. That deal fell apart amid pressure from antitrust
regulators, paving the way for News Corp. to jump back in.

"We've been dreaming of this for 20 years," News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch
told The Post.

News Corp.'s Fox Entertainment Group will hold the stake.

The deal gives News Corp. a strong footing in the United States to add to its
satellite empires in Britain and Asia.

News Corp. now gets to control the company for a fraction of what it would have
had to pay two years ago. At the time, News Corp. bid about $25 billion in cash
and stock for the company. Since then, the share price of Hughes has tumbled,
and now News Corp. is buying a smaller stake, though large enough to take
control.

In a statement, News Corp. and DirecTV agreed to abide by FCC regulations that
call for them not to discriminate against programming that they do not own.

This is a key issue in the pay-TV industry, and recently surfaced in the tussle
between the YES Network and Cablevision. YES had accused Cablevision of giving
preferential treatment to its own regional sports networks.

"We will treat everyone equally on programming," Murdoch said.

In recent weeks, GM had held talks with other interested parties, including John
Malone's Liberty Media, and telecommunications giant SBC.

SBC bowed out after pressure from Wall Street, and Malone, a large News Corp.
shareholder, opted instead to join Murdoch, investing $500 million more in News
Corp. stock.

DirecTV has more than 11 million subscribers in the United States, and also owns
an 81 percent stake in satellite operator PanAmSat.

THE BIG PICTURE: HOW DIRECTV WILL FIT INTO NEWS CORP'S GLOBAL BUSINESS

36.3% BSkyB: Britain's dominant satellite broadcaster with 6.2M subscribers

8.1% Sky PerfectTV: Japanese joint venture with Sony, Itochu and Fuji TV

80% Sky Italia: Recently formed from the merger of Telepiu and Stream

100% Star TV: Covers 53 countries across Asia with 300M viewers

30% Sky Mexico: Market leader with almost 700,000 subscribers

46.1% Sky Brasil: Latin America's biggest satellite service with 720,000
subscribers

30% Sky Multi Country: Operates across Chile, Argentina and Colombia with more
than 150,000 subscribers

25% Foxtel Australia's dominant pay TV provider with 790,000 subscribers

34% DirecTV: Largest US satellite broadcasters with 11.3m subscribers

20 YEARS IN THE MAKING - TIMELINE

1983: Murdoch signs deal with Satellite Business Systems.  Later pays $20M to
get out of deal amid fears technology unworkable.

Feb. 1990: News Corp forms joint venture with Hughes and GE's NBC to launch Sky
Cable.

1991: Sky Cable deal falls apart but Hughes goes on to launch DirecTV in
mid-1994.

Jan 1996: Murdoch unveils American Sky Broadcasting in partnership with MCI
Communications.

Feb. 1997: Murdoch announces 50-50 joint venture between ASkyB and rival
EchoStar.

June 1997: The EchoStar deal collapses, News Corp sells share of ASkyB to
Primestar.

Nov. 2000: News Corp seeks control of DirecTV through the purchase of General
Motors' Hughes Electronics

Mar-Nov. 2001: EchoStar trumps bid with $30B offer. News Corp declines to enter
contest

Oct.2002: US competition regulators block EchoStar bid for DirecTV

April 2003: Murdoch makes $6.6B bid for 34% of Hughes

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              318 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            April 2, 2003, Wednesday

SBC DROPS OUT OF BIDDING ON DIRECTV

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO and JENNY ANDERSON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 033

LENGTH: 352 words


SBC dropped out of the hunt for satellite television provider DirecTV yesterday,
paving the way for News Corp. to make a bid for the company.

SBC, the nation's No. 2 local telephone company, had been criticized by Wall
Street for its interest in DirecTV, and news yesterday that it had dropped out
of the bidding sent its shares up $1.32, or 6.7 percent to close at $21.38.

The deal was valued between $3 billion and $10 billion, depending on whether SBC
bought General Motors' stake in Hughes or took over the entire company.

The move appeared to leave News Corp. as the only serious strategic bidder for
DirecTV, part of GM subsidiary Hughes, although sources say some private equity
firms may get involved.

News Corp. owns The Post.

John Malone's Liberty Media, which had been rumored to be plotting a run at
DirecTV, also is said to have dropped out of the running. Instead, Malone
recently invested $500 million in News Corp. to help fund its bid for DirecTV.

Bids for GM's 20 percent stake in DirecTV are said to be due this week.

News Corp. made a run at the company in recent years, but lost out to EchoStar.
However, EchoStar's deal for DirecTV fell apart under pressure from regulators,
and now News Corp. is expected to make a bid soon.

Spokespersons for News Corp. and SBC declined comment.

Sources say a few major private equity firms - including Kohlberg Kravis &
Roberts, the Carlyle Group and the Blackstone Group - may be interested in
buying 10 percent to 20 percent of GM's remaining 20 percent economic stake in
Hughes.

For these groups to be interested, General Motors would have to offer voting
rights with the deal, because Hughes is a tracking stock.

If a financial sponsor were to buy the stake, it would also likely require that
General Motors convert Hughes from a tracking stock to an asset-backed stock,
which would require a shareholder vote. Sources close to the deal say a
strategic buyer is more attractive.

A spokesman for Blackstone says the company is not involved in any negotiations.
Calls to the Carlyle Group were not returned.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              319 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           March 26, 2003, Wednesday

GLUED TO THE TUBE - FOX IS EATING CNN'S LUNCH IN WAR COVERAGE

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: Sport+Late City Final; Pg. 033

LENGTH: 577 words


The war in Iraq hasn't been enough to put CNN back in the No. 1 spot among cable
news networks.

CNN's ratings since the war broke out last week have continued to lag those of
Fox News, even though CNN's gains have been greater than Fox's, the latest
Nielsen ratings data show.

Fox News is owned by News Corp., which also owns The Post.

Last year CNN, for the first time, was surpassed by Fox in the ratings. But for
months, as war in Iraq loomed, many within CNN felt the war would enable it to
reclaim the No. 1 spot - at least temporarily.

The first Persian Gulf War is what put CNN on the map. That time around, it was
the only network with live reporting from Baghdad when the air campaign began.

Last Thursday, the first full day of war coverage, CNN drew an average audience
of 3.66 million viewers, compared with 4.13 million for Fox, according to
Nielsen.

For the first five days of the war, CNN saw its viewership rise 439 percent
compared to the first quarter to date, while Fox saw gains of 309 percent.

And CNN points out that more viewers tune into CNN in total, even if Fox's
average per-minute ratings are higher.

CNN has also long claimed that it isn't simply the number of viewers it looks
at.

The network says that it has better demographics, and is able to charge higher
advertising rates than its rivals.

"More people come to CNN than Fox News, but at any given time Fox has more,"
says Christa Robinson, a spokeswoman at CNN.

"We are working on providing the most accurate coverage possible, and we're
pleased that viewers are relying on us for coverage of this conflict."

A spokesman for Fox News Channel declined comment, saying the network doesn't
talk about ratings during wartime.

Covering the war has been the first major challenge for Jim Walton, the longtime
CNN staffer who was tapped to replace Walter Isaacson - the respected former
managing editor of Time Magazine who recently stepped down as chairman and CEO
of CNN.

Marc Berman, an analyst for Media Week Online, says, "Fox is still riding the
wave of momentum. CNN is a little more competitive with Fox, though."

Fox's ratings takeover sparked a cultural war within CNN.

Some factions preferred to stick to hard investigative news, while others have
said the network should try to beat Fox at its own game by adding more
opinionated talk shows.

Isaacson had often preached that CNN should stick to serious news reporting and
not add more gabfests.

But insiders have complained that this is just the direction the network has
gone in.

Still, when it came to the war, CNN dove in headlong: It is spending around $30
million on the effort, and has about 200 people in the Persian Gulf area.

Fox does not disclose such figures, but sources say the network has spent much
less covering the war.

----

Battle for viewers

Fox has been winning the ratings war. How it stacks up against cable
competitors:

MSNBC

Average number of viewers per minute

Wed. 1.4M

Thurs. 1.6M

Fri. 1.6M

Sat. 1.8M

Sun. 2M

*

CNN

Average number of viewers per minute

Wed. 2.7M

Thurs. 3.7M

Fri. 3.2M

Sat. 3.8M

Sun. 4M

*

FOX

Average number of viewers per minute

Wed. 3.3M

Thurs. 4.1M

Fri. 4M

Sat. 4M

Sun. 4.1M

Source: Nielsen


LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: -ABOVE: CNN's Wolf Blitzer, left, interviews Defense Secretary Donald
Rumsfeld.
-LEFT: Fox broadcasts President Bush announcing the start of the war.

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              320 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          February 13, 2003, Thursday

NEWS CORP. POSTS 58% JUMP IN SECOND-QUARTER EARNINGS

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 035

LENGTH: 296 words


News Corporation reported a strong second quarter yesterday, led by the
company's film, TV and cable programming divisions.

The company reported a 14 percent jump in revenue to $4.7 billion, and a 58
percent increase in profit, before items, to $320 million.

After one-time items, net profit was $239 million - a steep jump from the net
loss of $606 million in last year's second quarter, when the company had to
write down the value of its national sports contracts.

Both revenue and profits in the second quarter topped the expectations of Wall
Street analysts.

"Our second-quarter results underscore the popularity of our media products
around the world and our continuing focus on cost containment and a healthy
balance sheet," said News Corp. Chairman and Chief Executive Rupert Murdoch.

Among News Corp.'s properties are Fox Entertainment, Twentieth Century Fox film
studios and satellite television assets. News Corp. also owns The Post.

The film division reported second-quarter operating income of $255 million, up
$140 million from the year-ago period.

Driving this growth were record-breaking worldwide DVD sales of "Ice Age," as
well as contributions from "Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones," "Behind
Enemy Lines" and "Like Mike."

The television segment posted operating income of $165 million, compared with
$113 million in last year's second quarter.

Operating income from the cable network programming division, which comprises
the Fox News Channel, Fox Sports Networks and the FX channel, almost doubled to
$121 million.

Strength at Fox News was key: Its operating income more than tripled, thanks to
strong ad sales and flat operating costs.

News Corp. shares closed up 63 cents at $26.56.


LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: "ICE AGE" DVD winner.

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              321 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           January 21, 2003, Tuesday

CHECKETTS GROUP EYES DODGERS

BYLINE: Post Wire Services

SECTION: Late City Final Replate; Pg. 069

LENGTH: 335 words


LOS ANGELES - News Corp. has taken its most serious step yet to sell the
Dodgers, sources said, quietly retaining investment banker Allen & Co. to shop
for a buyer.

The Dodgers and the ballclub's stadium at Chavez Ravine are up for grabs for
more than $400 million, according to sources familiar with the situation, and
the leading candidate to buy the team is rumored to be a group headed by Dave
Checketts, the former chairman of Madison Square Garden.

Besides the group headed by Checketts, other names that have surfaced as
potential bidders are Los Angeles real estate tycoon Alan Casden and former
Commissioner of Baseball Peter Ueberroth, the Los Angeles Times reported today.

Neither Checketts nor Ueberroth returned calls last night. Casden, who was
traveling in Europe, also could not be reached.

Whether a deal will come together is far from certain. The price tag that News
Corp. has put on the money-losing Dodgers is steep, especially considering that
the entertainment giant is likely to insist on keeping control of the team's
most valuable asset - local cable distribution.

"The Dodgers are a great asset, but Fox owns the distribution so there's limited
growth potential for any new buyer," said Robert Gutkowski, a sports consultant
and, like Checketts, a former president of the Garden. "The buyer would have to
be a high-net-worth individual or another corporation, because financial backers
probably wouldn't be interested if they couldn't control the distribution."

Several sports executives dismissed Checketts because he so frequently throws
his name in the ring for major league sports franchises without any result.

Some industry insiders also dismissed Ueberroth as a serious buyer because he
already has passed on the Angels.

News Corp., which also owns The Post, bought the team from the O'Malley family
in 1997 for a then-record sum of $310 million. It has poured in another $200
million trying to field a successful team and to renovate Dodger Stadium.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              322 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           January 14, 2003, Tuesday

ISAACSON OUT AT STRUGGLING CNN

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 033

LENGTH: 593 words


Walter Isaacson, chairman and CEO of CNN, stepped down yesterday to join a think
tank.

The move caught insiders by surprise, though there had been speculation for some
time that Isaacson, formerly managing editor of Time Magazine, was unhappy in TV
and wanted to spend more time writing books and working in public policy.

The move also comes after CNN was overtaken in ratings by the Fox News Channel.
(Fox is owned by News Corp., which also owns The Post.)

It was the second high-level executive departure at AOL Time Warner, CNN's
parent, in as many days. On Sunday night, chairman Steve Case announced he was
stepping down.

The company announced that longtime CNN veteran Jim Walton, the president and
chief operating officer, will replace Isaacson.

When Isaacson joined CNN he made a "finite commitment" to stay on until this
year, said a source close to him.

Walton has been with CNN since 1981 - a year after its inception - and has had a
number of jobs at the network, including head of CNN/SI, president of the
domestic networks group and executive producer. He joined the company as an
entry-level video journalist.

However, Walton will not take on Isaacson's title of CEO and chairman,
suggesting to some within CNN that he will be on a short leash. "They're just
looking to see how he does," said one source.

CNN disputes this, and a spokesperson said the company is trying to "simplify
its title structure."

Isaacson, 50, will leave at the end of spring to become CEO of the Aspen
Institute, a highly regarded think tank in Washington, D.C.

Isaacson, who joined CNN in July 2001, said the idea to go to the Aspen
Institute was first floated in September, when he attended the group's annual
dinner in New York. "As we were leaving, people asked me about it," he told The
Post. "I said the timing was bad, that I had a job.

"But they kept talking to me about it, and it was a dream job. I've always been
a writer and engaged in ideas."

Isaacson said he notified Jamie Kellner, his boss at AOL Time Warner, of his
plans last week.

Still, with a war in Iraq looming, the timing of Isaacson's departure surprised
some who are close to him, given his passion for journalism.

"You'd think as an editor there wouldn't be anything better than running CNN on
the eve of a war with Iraq," said one source close to Isaacson. "But he's had a
long-term interest in a job like that. My sense is that he was complaining that
he's not a TV guy and that he didn't like Atlanta."

Isaacson split his time between Atlanta and New York, and his family remained in
the Big Apple.

Of his legacy at CNN, he acknowledged that the network has lost out in the
ratings to Fox, but said, "We've kept the credibility of CNN. We're more newsy
and journalistic than the alternatives."

CNN-u-later

Walter Isaacson is leaving the helm of embattled CNN as the network was
overtaken by Fox News Channel.

Some of Isaacson's big moves:

* Hired Paula Zahn from Fox, who was promoted as "just a little sexy."

* Lost popular Greta Van Sustern to Fox.

* Landed TV-news veteran Connie Chung, whose show stumbled against Fox's
"O'Reilly Factor."

* Signed Larry King to $7 million multi-year deal.

* Watched upstart Fox surpass CNN in ratings. Here's a comparison of total prime
time viewers:

3rd Qtr. 2001

CNN...1.3 million

Fox News Channel ...900,000

MSNBC... 500,000

3rd Qtr. 2002

Fox News Channel ...1.1 million

CNN ... 800,000

MSNBC ...200,000

Source: Nielsen


LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WALTER ISAACSON.  AP

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              323 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            August 16, 2002, Friday

MANAGEMENT SHUFFLE PROPOSED AT GEMSTAR

BYLINE: DAN COX

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 033

LENGTH: 153 words


News Corporation and Gemstar Chairman Henry Yuen have proposed a management
restructuring at Gemstar, following News Corp.'s announced $5.8 billion
writedown on the onscreen TV guide company over the last four months.

News Corp., which owns The Post, has made clear it's unhappy with Yuen's
stewardship of the company, and is looking for former News Corp. cable boss Jeff
Shell to take over.

Shell, Gemstar's COO since April, is expected to take over as CEO, while Yuen
and his CFO, Elsie Leung, would be sidelined.

News Corp. has a 43 percent stake in Gemstar. Gemstar's stock has plummeted more
than 85 percent this year.

News Corp. took a $1.7 billion fourth-quarter loss as part of the company's
biggest writedown ever.

In the earnings conference call Wednesday, News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch
told analysts he did not want to invest in anything without "complete control"
of the company.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              324 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           August 15, 2002, Thursday

NEWS CORP. REPORTS $1.7B LOSS FROM GEMSTAR

BYLINE: DAN COX

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 031

LENGTH: 338 words


News Corporation announced a $1.7 billion loss for the fourth quarter yesterday
because of a write-down of its stake in Gemstar-TV Guide International.

At the same time, the company reported annual operating income growth of 11
percent to $1.9 billion, thanks to a 78 percent increase in filmed entertainment
and 88 percent growth in cable networks.

Full-year revenues grew 10 percent to $15.2 billion. And fourth-quarter
operating income grew 25 percent. Revenues were 11 percent higher in the
quarter, because of the rebound in the U.S. ad market on the company's U.S. TV
and cable networks.

News Corp. is the owner of The Post.

"Strong upfronts at our Fox network and cable channels, in addition to improved
pacings at our television stations group, are good indications of our ability to
capitalize on an advertising recovery," News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch said.
"Obviously we are disappointed by the write-downs of our investment in Gemstar,
which we took during the year due to that company's declining share price.
Nonetheless, we are working closely with Gemstar's management to take the
necessary steps to restore the value of that important asset."

The entertainment division had a $75 million quarterly profit, compared with a
$3 million loss last year, helped by the animated film "Ice Age" and two TV
series, "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "The Practice."

Annual profit for Fox Entertainment, which includes 20th Century Fox Television,
Fox film studios and several cable networks, dropped to $40 million, or 5 cents
a share, from $174 million, or 24 cents, a year earlier.

The company's annual cash flow grew 17 percent to $1.3 billion, while full-year
revenues grew 16 percent to $9.7 billion. Fourth-quarter cash flow rose 40
percent.

Murdoch announced the company may exercise an option that would require
Cablevision to buy out News Corp.'s 40 percent stake in the two companies'
sports-programming partnership.

The News Corp. share would be worth "in excess of $1 billion."

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              325 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                              May 24, 2002, Friday

LACHLAN MURDOCH SUCCEEDS KEN CHANDLER AS POST PUBLISHER

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 002

LENGTH: 334 words


New York Post Publisher Ken Chandler today announced he is leaving the paper
after a 29-year career with News Corporation.

Chandler will become Chief Executive Officer of the Natural Energy Solutions
Corp., a burgeoning multimedia company specializing in information on health
issues.

News Corporation's Deputy Chief Operating Officer, Lachlan Murdoch, will become
publisher, sharing operational oversight with the paper's general manager, Geoff
Booth.

News Corporation Chairman and Chief Executive Rupert Murdoch said, "Ken has been
a close and trusted colleague for nearly 30 years and I am sad to see him leave.
His management and editorial judgment at the Boston Herald and the New York Post
have been exceptional. I wish him all the best as he moves on to a new phase in
his career."

Lachlan Murdoch said, "Ken has overseen an extraordinary period of growth at The
Post that has been unmatched by any other major metropolitan newspaper in the
United States. Circulation has risen in every six-month audit period for the
past seven years. This is in no small part due to his stewardship of the paper.
It has been a great privilege to work with Ken at The Post, and he will be
sorely missed."

Chandler said, "I have had a wonderful journey with News Corporation, and now I
am looking forward to applying my experience to the field of health
information."

Chandler, who started his career with News Corporation in the United Kingdom,
came to the United States in 1974 to help launch Star magazine. Four years
later, he joined the Post and became managing editor.

In 1986, Rupert Murdoch appointed him editor of the Boston Herald. Chandler
returned to The Post in 1993 as editor-in-chief after News Corporation
reacquired the paper. He became publisher in 1999.

The Natural Energy Solutions Corp., founded by author and broadcaster Erika
Schwartz, MD, is based in Westchester County.


LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: -LACHLAN MURDOCH Additional responsibilities.
-KEN CHANDLER 29 years with News Corp.

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              326 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            May 15, 2002, Wednesday

MOVIES, CABLE LIFT NEWS CORP.

BYLINE: DAN COX

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 031

LENGTH: 264 words


News Corporation reported sharp increases in third-quarter earnings following
strong performances across most of its businesses.

But the media company was also hit with a $4 billion loss for a writedown over
its Gemstar-TV Guide International unit.

News Corp., which owns The Post, reported 54 percent operating income growth and
an 18 percent jump in revenues, to $3.85 billion from $3.27 billion a year ago.

Profits rose to $236 million from $127 million last year.

Without the writedown, earnings per share were 18 cents, beating analyst
estimates of 15 cents.

"The substantial non-cash writedown of our Gemstar investment does nothing to
alter our firm belief in the strategic value of this powerful asset," said News
Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch.

"Moreover, our balance sheet is stronger than ever, providing us with greater
financial flexibility during an uncertain time."

Shares of News Corp. closed up $2.07 to $28.45. Fox Entertainment shares ended
the day up $1.85 to close at $25.70.

Operating income in filmed entertainment at 20th Century Fox was up to $161
million from just $43 million a year ago. "Ice Age" did phenomenally well, with
$300 million in worldwide box office to date, while "Moulin Rouge" performed
well in foreign markets.

Cable networks programming on Fox News Channel, FX and Fox Sports Net drew
income of $73 million, more than triple last year's results.

Stock at Gemstar, which publishes TV Guide magazine, has fallen sharply. The
stock traded as high as $50 a share in July last year, but was down to $9.42
yesterday.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              327 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             April 19, 2002, Friday

NEWS CORP BOAT BAGS FIRST WIN

SECTION: Sport+Late City Final; Pg. 098

LENGTH: 136 words


Team News Corp was the first boat to cross the finish line at 06:12:32 GMT
yesterday, claiming its initial first-place finish in the nine-stage Volvo Ocean
Race around the world.

"It's just a fantastic result," said skipper Jez Fanstone on the dock in
Baltimore. "It was an extremely tense final 24 hours and I'm relieved and the
elation is just starting to sink in. Our win today is the combination of a great
boat, excellent sail program and a crew that worked together very well. We're
very pleased."

The win moves Team News Corp up to fourth place overall in the standings with 31
points. It is only one point away from third place and three points from second.
With three legs to go, the race is still wide open.

Leg 7 of the race from Annapolis, Maryland, to La Rochelle, France, begins April
28.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              328 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             April 2, 2002, Tuesday

TIME IS RUNNING OUT

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 024

LENGTH: 201 words


The deadline is fast approaching for entries for the Eric Breindel Award for
Excellence in Journalism, named for the former editor of The Post's opinion
pages, who died in 1998 at the age of 42.

The Breindel Award, presented by the Eric Breindel Memorial Foundation and
endowed by News Corp. (The Post's parent company), honors a columnist, editorial
writer or news reporter whose work best exemplifies the values that animated
Breindel's writing.

Those values, as readers of this page well know, are love of America and its
democratic institutions and bearing witness to the evils of totalitarianism.
Breindel used his razor-sharp intellect to challenge politically correct
assumptions; his was a passionate voice for conservatism.

The $10,000 prize - one of the most generous in the field of U.S. opinion
journalism - was first awarded in 1999 to Boston Globe columnist Jeff Jacoby.
Last year's winner was Jay Nordlinger, managing editor of National Review.

Applications for the award must be postmarked by April 26. They can be obtained
from Sheila Malecki at (212) 930-8692 or from the Eric Breindel Memorial
Foundation, 1211 Avenue of the Americas, 9th floor, New York, N.Y., 10036.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              329 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             March 8, 2002, Friday

NEWS CORP. VETERAN RAE IS RETIRING

BYLINE: PAUL THARP

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 034

LENGTH: 177 words


Veteran News Corp. executive Ian G. Rae is retiring after 43 years in senior
positions at the company's broadcasting and publishing operations.

Rae, who began as a reporter in Sydney at 16, worked for Rupert Murdoch's
newspapers around the world, from New York to London to Sydney.

"Ian's contribution to News Corporation and particularly its growth in North
America has been invaluable," said News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch.

"No one has worked harder or with greater loyalty both as a friend and as a
colleague."

Rae was a founding editor and publisher of the Star, and was credited with
creating the genre of supermarket tabloids.

Rae also developed the nationally syndicated "A Current Affair" in 1986 and
later served as vice president and news director of WNYW-TV Channel 5.

Rae was promoted to executive vice president of Fox News, and was responsible
for the overall domestic and international news gathering activities for Fox.

Rae will head his own media consulting company and develop TV specials.


LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IAN RAE Long career.

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              330 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           February 22, 2002, Friday

PRIMEDIA BID TO RAISE CASH FROM CHAN. 1

BYLINE: DAN COX and ERICA COPULSKY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 033

LENGTH: 361 words


Primedia, with its looming $2 billion in debt, is struggling to afford
educational server Channel One and is putting it on the block - apparently with
little interest.

Sources said Primedia has approached a number of educational companies,
including McGraw-Hill, Thompson Financial and Reed Elsevier, as well as content
providers like Vivendi, Viacom, Disney and News Corp., which owns The Post.

But no one wants to take on the ailing Channel One, which is demanding more than
$100 million in technological upgrades. Primedia is at odds with the channel's
12,000 schools over their obsolete technology.

Insiders said Primedia, which is controlled by Kohlberg, Kravis, Roberts & Co.,
recently hired investment bankers Allen & Co. to seek out strategic partners for
Channel One.

That move is slightly reminiscent of Channel One's brief flirtation with Lazard
Freres, which tested the waters for a sale a few years ago but was not able to
come up with an acceptable offer.

Allen & Co. has yet to put out an offering memorandum of its own.

But any deal is likely to take six months to a full year before it will be
completed.

Primedia, which is fighting to lower its own debt, is unwilling to put any more
money into reinvigorating the kiddie channel.

One source said that Primedia is looking for a partner who would have an
interest in leveraging Channel One's delivery and unique distribution. Primedia
could then piggy-back off of the partner with a minimum of further investment.

"We're pretty clear about saying Channel One is not for sale," said a Primedia
spokesman. "But the thought of having strategic partners on the digital
classroom of the future is something we are looking at."

In terms of curtailing its debt, Primedia announced recently it was looking to
chop $250 million off of the $2 billion figure.

Primedia sold off "Bacon's" and "Modern Bride" for roughly $157 million.

Primedia had secret talks last year with American Media Inc. about possibly
combining their independent soap opera mags and potentially other ventures,
including Channel One, a source said.

But those talks never went beyond the discussion stage.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              331 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          February 13, 2002, Wednesday

NEWS CORP. SEES SLOWER GROWTH FOR YR.

BYLINE: DAN COX

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 037

LENGTH: 373 words


News Corporation executives said yesterday that they expect to post single-digit
to low double-digit growth in operating income for the fiscal year, as a result
of an extensive advertising slump.

Operating income for the second quarter, which ended Dec. 31, was $492 million,
down $70 million from last year's second quarter operating income of $562
million, the company reported.

News Corp. is owner of The Post.

News Corp. also announced it would drop the use of Arthur Andersen as a
consulting agency, but would continue to use the accountants to do the books.

Fox Entertainment Group, which owns Twentieth Century Fox film studio and cable
channels, took a one-time $909 million charge on national sports contracts for
football, baseball and NASCAR racing, because of the downturn in advertising.

"We've had a wonderful year, from the Daytona 500 to the World Series and the
Super Bowl," News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch told analysts and reporters. "We
did it in a very rotten advertising climate. When all these prices were set for
these events and these contracts, they were based on assumptions that business
conditions would remain where they were a couple of years ago."

Fox, which is 83 percent owned by News Corp., reported a net profit of $455
million, or 54 cents a share, including gains and special items, compared with a
year-earlier profit of $5 million, or one cent a share.

Filmed entertainment operating income was down $12 million at $115 million for
the quarter, but was buoyed by strong video and DVD sales for "Planet of the
Apes" and "Dr. Doolittle 2."

Cable network programming operating income was up 36 percent, driven by growth
at FX and Fox News Channel as well as high subscriber rates on the company's
regional sports networks. Revenues were $60 million for the quarter versus $44
million the same period last year.

Fox News Channel, which has added 20 million new subscribers since last year,
saw 31 percent revenue growth from affiliate and advertising revenues. The
company attributed some of this to strong coverage of the war on terrorism.

Book publishing operating income at HarperCollins was up slightly to $42
million, a $2 million hike over the same period last year.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              332 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            February 4, 2002, Monday

VIACOM'S THE LOSER - SUMNER, MEL RIFT TERRORIZES THEIR COMPANY

BYLINE: DAN COX

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 029

LENGTH: 606 words


The battle between Mel and Sumner is having a devastating impact on operations
at Viacom.

The media giant had been firing on all cylinders, but suddenly uncertainty
reigns - at the worst time possible.

Faced with stiff competition from AOL Time Warner, Disney, Vivendi, and News
Corporation (which owns The Post), Viacom needed the Redstone-Karmazin war like
a hole in the head.

Now no one at the company - or anyone investing in it - knows who is in charge,
or who will be in charge in coming years. Karmazin has developed a reputation as
a Wall Street darling for the company.

But in the past year, the stock has fallen 32 percent over speculation about his
problems with Redstone.

Since its record high of $75.88 on Aug. 4, 2000, the stock has dropped some 50
percent.

"I would stay away from the stock in the short term - too much uncertainty" said
Angela Kohler, a fund manager for Federated Investors, which owns 1.2 million
shares of Class B Viacom stock.

"But I think as an investor, you sleep better at night with Mel staying," she
told The Post.

Viacom stock fell Friday $1.74, or 4.4 percent, to $38.25.

One analyst said that had word of the rift not surfaced recently, the stock
would have been up following an investors dinner Thursday night.

Viacom owns CBS, UPN, MTV and the Nickelodeon cable networks, Paramount Pictures
movie studio and the Blockbuster Video rental chain.

Redstone will have to struggle to dismiss Karmazin with a contract that calls
for 14 of Viacom's directors to vote him out.

Eight of those directors were appointed by CBS, which was formerly run by
Karmazin.

It's never been quite clear why Redstone is dissatisfied with Karmazin.

Some have blamed the executive's tough-minded aggressive management style that
does not fit with Viacom's corporate culture under Redstone.

The situation is not unlike what happened with former No. 2, Frank Biondi, who
was dumped by Redstone in 1996.

At issue, however, for the 78-year-old Redstone is finding a successor.

Many think that the CBS acquisition two years ago will be Redstone's final major
deal for Viacom.

Viacom, as expected, pleaded the Fifth.

In a joint statement issued Friday, Redstone and Karmazin said: "We are
committed to Viacom and its shareholders. We each have a significant stake in
the success and growth of the company and we are looking forward to working
together productively in the ensuing years."

The statement went on to say that Karmazin and Redstone do not plan to address
Karmazin's future before the end of 2002.

The company, however, is already in question with analysts and investors on the
fence about committing either way.

On an operations level, sources said, Viacom is as even-keeled as any media
company.

Divisions of television under CBS and UPN chief Les Moonves, filmed
entertainment and now publishing under Chairman Jonathan Dolgen, are securely
managed.

"Mel does light a fire behind each of these executives, but the fact is that
they're good managers," said one Viacom observer.

An analyst added: "At the end of the day, it's the assets and the management of
those assets that create wealth. It's not necessarily who the No. 1 guy is or
the No. 2 guy."

Some are labeling the rift as a "culture clash" between the two.

"Redstone has never had a No. 2 guy as credible with the Street and that has the
kind of control that Mel has. It puts him in an unusual situation," said one
source.


LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HAPPIER DAYS: When they merged Viacom and CBS, Sumner Redstone (left)
and Mel Karmazin (right) were friends. Now their war puts Viacom's future in
doubt.

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              333 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            January 25, 2002, Friday

NEWS CORP. COO

BYLINE: Dan Cox

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 034

LENGTH: 170 words


News Corporation co-Chief Operating Officer Chase Carey has resigned.

Carey, who remains on the company's board of directors, also stepped down as
president and chief executive of Sky Global Networks.

He will remain a consultant to the company throughout 2002.

News Corp., which also owns The Post, recently ended talks to acquire Hughes
Electronics and its DirecTV unit from General Motors, which would have added a
major U.S. component to Sky Global.

"I had a great career at News Corp. and leave with tremendous pride in the
company we have built," Carey said

News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch lauded Carey for helping turn News Corp. into
a major player in broadcast and pay-TV.

Carey, he said, helped build a company with a major national TV network.

"Chase has been not only a valued colleague but a personal friend, and while I
miss our daily interaction, I will continue to rely on his superb judgment as
News Corp. builds on the successes Chase helped foster," Murdoch said in a
statement.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              334 of 334 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            January 14, 2002, Monday

NEWS CORP. VEEP O'NEILL RETIRES

BYLINE: Dan Mangan

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 020

LENGTH: 290 words


Bill O'Neill, executive vice president of human resources for News Corp., is
retiring today on the 50th anniversary of his employment at the company, where
he has served in many key jobs.

"Bill has worked tirelessly on three continents and in numerous crucial
positions for the sake of our businesses and employees since the very beginning
of this company," said Rupert Murdoch, chairman and chief executive of News
Corp., The Post's parent company.

"All his colleagues are sorry to see him go and grateful for his countless major
accomplishments. I wish him the very best in his retirement."

O'Neill, 65, who once worked as executive vice president and general manager of
The Post, said, "I am extremely fortunate to have taken part in the growth of a
company as exciting and diverse as this one. To have spent 50 years among people
as talented as the managers and staff of News Corp. has been a true pleasure."

O'Neill started at the company as an apprentice hand and machine compositor at
the Sydney Daily Mirror in January 1952, and thereafter held more than a dozen
posts in the United States, Australia and the United Kingdom. They included
managing director of News International Newspapers, vice president of labor and
personnel at News America Publishing, and chief executive of News International.

He played a key role in establishing groundbreaking printing facilities in
Wapping, London, during the 1980s, represented the United States as an employer
delegate to the International Labor Organization conference in 1990, and
testified before Congress about the Striker Replacement Bill in 1991.

O'Neill's responsibilities are being assumed by Ian Moore, the former senior
vice president of human resources.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.



---- End of Request ----
Download Request: All Documents: 1-334
Time Of Request: Wednesday, March 05, 2014  11:28:41 EST

